"File"	"Text"	"CleanText"	"WordCount"
"OBC2-17200427"	"THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, AND Oyer and Terminer, and Goal-Delivery of Newgate, held for the CITY of London, and COUNTY of Middlesex, at Justice-Hall in the Old Bayly, ON Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, being the 27th, 28th and 29th of April, 1720. In the Sixth Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. 6 May 1720. BEFORE the Right Honourable Sir GEORGE THOROLD, Kt and Baronet, Lord Mayor of the City of London; Sir William Thompson, Kt. Recorder; John Raby, Esq; Deputy Recorder; and several of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, and County of Middlesex. The Jurors Names were as followeth: London Jury. John Keeble, Henry Brookhouse, John White, Edward Littlefield, William Terret, Joseph Ward, Thomas Whitehorn, Philip Colebank, Robert Arnold, John Barnwell, Thomas Dowse, John Wilford. Middlesex Jury. Giles Riddle, Thomas Bavan, Jeremy Lewin, John Curtis, William Kendrick, Joseph Partridge, Edward Lilley, John Ward, Aaron Gibbs, Thomas Salisbury, John Wilson, Robert Wheely. The Proceedings went as followeth:,of St. Leonard Eastcheap, was indicted for feloniously stealing 70 Pound weight of Tobacco, value 4 l. 10 s. the Goods of Job Wicks, in the Dwelling House of the said Job Wicks, on the 8th of April last. It appeared that the Prisoner was the Prosecutor's Servant; and his fellow Servant deposed that he perceiving his Pocket to stick out, searched him, and found a Paper of Tobacco in it worth about 18 d. which he owned to him was his Master's, and that he took it out of his Cellar. The Constable also deposed that he confest he had taken Tobacco several times. The said Paper of Tobacco was produced in Court. The Jury considering the matter found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Alice Jones, of St. Michael's Cornhill, was indicted for privately stealing a Bermundas Hat, value 10 s. out of the Shop of Edward Hillior, on the 21st of April last. The Prosecutor's Servant deposed that the Prisner came into his Master's Shop and ask'd for a Hat of about 10 s. price; that he shewed several, and at last they agreed for one; but she said it was to go into the Country, and that she would stop into Bishopsgate-street. and if the Coach was not gone she would come and fetch it; that she went out of the Shop but he perceiving she could hardly walk fetcht her back again, and the Hat mentioned in the Indictment fell from between her Legs. Another deposed that he saw the former Evidence take the Hat from under her Petticoats. The Prisoner denyed the Fact, and called two Persons to her Reputation, who gave her a good Character, and said that she rented a House of 10 l. a Year in Petty France, at Westminster, but she had told the Justice that she liv'd in King-Street. The Jury considering the whole matter, found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. James Wilson, of St Katharine Coleman, was indicted for feloniously stealing 12 pound of Beef, value 4 s. the Goods of Charles Watts on the 9th of April. Mary Watts deposed that a Gentleman came up to her Bar about 8 a clock at Night, and told here there was a Fellow lurking about her House; that between 10 and 11 the Prisoner came to the Bar and took a Rump of Beef which hung there, but being pursued dropt it at the Door, that she saw him plain, and was sure the Prisoner was the same Person. The Cook-maid also deposed that she saw the Prisoner take the Beef, and that he lifted it up three times before be could get it off the Hook. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he had been drinking, and ran his Head against the Beef, and it fell; but it appeared by the Evidence that he dropt it 10 yards from the Place where it hung. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. James Mercy, alias Masse, of St. Andrew Undershaft; was indicted for feloniously stealing 3 Silk Gowns and Petticoats, a Camblet Cloak, and other Goods, in the Dwelling House of Mary Robinson, on the 15th of April. The Prosecutor deposed, that she hearing a Noise above Stairs, sent the Maid up to see what it was. Mary Gough deposed that she went up and found the Prisoner there with his Arms full of Clothes, whereupon she lock'd him in, ran down and call'd Assistance; that when they went up again the Clothes were found on the wet Floor, which before were lockt up in the Drawers. The Constable deposed that the Prisoner shamm'd being Drunk; and that he found a Chissel in his Pocket, with which he believes he open'd the Drawers. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Benjamin Cook, alias Richard Smith, of St. Mary Abchurch, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Cup, value 15 s. the Goods of Philip Austin, on the 29th of March last. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost his Cup out of his Kitchen, which was produced in Court, and sworn to by him. A Goldsmith deposed that the Prisoner offered to sell it him, whereupon he stopt him and sent for Mr. Austin, who owned it. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Thomas Bengodwin, alias Goodwin, of St. Sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing 12 tann'd Calve-Skins value 18 s. the Goods of John Leak, on the 26th of March last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Susannah Smith of St. Sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Drugget Coat and Wastcoat value 20 s. the Goods of William Lawrence, on the 18th of March last. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost the Goods; and that a Person came and told him where they were pawn'd, whereupon he went and found them accordingly. The Pawnbroker deposed that the Prisoner brought them to him and had 3 s. 6 d. on them. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Zephaniah Martin of St. Botolph without Aldgate, was indicted for privately stealing a Perriwig, value 2 l. 2s. the Goods of Richard Hewet in the House of Thomas Limes, on the 25th of April last.- Limes deposed that the Prisoner came into his Father's Shop, and ask'd for a Gentleman, who he said, was to meet him there; and that he took up the News Papers, walked about, and gave him his Wig to comb, which while he was doing, he observed the Prisoner to take the Wig mentioned in the Indictment, and put it up his Back under his Coat; that when he had done combing his Wig he gave him 2 d. and was going away; that he let him go to the Door, then seized him, and got the Neighbours to secure him while he call'd a Constable; that he gave him the Wig from under his Coat, and offer'd him a Ring and Money, desiring him for God's sake not to Prosecute him. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Jasper Andrews of St. Botolph without Aldgate, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Holland Shirts, 2 Holland Shifts,&c. the Goods of John Garnsey, on the 18th of March last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Goods were taken out of his Kitchin. Sarah Wilkinson deposed, that she found the Prisoner in the Entry with the Clothes wet under his Arm, who when he saw her, threw them down and ran away; but she followed him over the way and took him, and that she had her Eye on him all the while. Another corroborated her Evidence. The Jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Francis Griffith, Samuel Wafer and Thomas Griffith of the Parish of St. Andrews Holbourn, were indicted for breaking open the Dwelling House of James Odes on the 13th of this Instant April in the Night time, and stealing thence a Cloth Coat, Wastcoat and Breeches, a pair of Silk Stockings,&c. the Goods of Thomas Medlicott, Esq; and 3 Silver Spoons, Holland Shirts, Silk, Brandy, Red-Wine,&c. the Goods of the said James Odes. To which Indictment Francis Griffith pleadeth Guilty. Death. But the Evidence not being sufficient against the other two, the Jury Acquitted them. Thomas Adams of St. Swithin's, was indicted for Assaulting John Thompson on the Highway, putting him in Fear, and taking from him a Silver Watch and Case, value 50 s. and 18 s. in Money, on the 1st of March last. The Prosecutor deposed that as he was going by London-stone in Cannon-street, about 12 a Clock the Night aforesaid, the Prisoner and three others came behind him, tript him up, turn'd him twice, and took away his Watch and Money; that he seized the Prisoner by his Arm and Coat, and held him fast till the Watch came. The Constable deposed, that the Prosecutor and one of his Watchmen brought the Prisoner to the Watch-house, and told him that he was robb'd of a Watch and 18 s. whereupon he search'd the Prisoner, and found on him 28 s. some Half-pence and a Common-Prayer Book; that the Prosecutor said, he had a King Edward's Shilling, but could not find it upon the Prisoner, nor any thing else that the Prosecutor could swear to; and that the Prosecutor was in Drink. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that there was a Woman with the Prosecutor on the Ground, and as he went by she desired him to take hold of him, saying, he was much in Drink, and was her Acquaintance; that he got him up, and the Prosecutor offer'd him a pint of Wine, which he refused; that then the Prosecutor told him he had robb'd him of his Watch and Money; whereupon he offer'd to go along with him before the Constable, and did, and told them how much Money he had in his Pocket, which agreed with what they found when he was search'd; and then they charg'd the Constable with each other. The Jury Acquitted him. John Mason of St. Brides, was indicted for privately stealing 5 s. in Money from the Person of Martha Dowyer, on the 20th of March last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. John Whalebone and John White, of St. Botolph without Bishopsgate, were indicted for breaking the Dwelling-House of John Crofts, on the 29th of December last in the Night-time, and taking thence a Warming Pan, 24 Ounces of Silk, 2 Shirts, 2 pair of Leather Breeches,&c. the Goods of the said John Crofts. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted them. John White of the Parish aforesaid, was a second time indicted for breaking the House of Eleanor Thompson, on the 27th of March last in the Night-time, and taking thence a Stuff Gown and Petticoat, 2 Silk Petticoats, a pair of Stays, 7 Shirts, 4 Table-Cloths, 4 Napkins, Silver Spoons,&c. He was a third time indicted by the Name of John White, of the Tower-Liberty, for feloniously stealing a Perriwig and 96 Yards of Worsted Stuff, the Goods of Joseph Fawsket, on the 19th of March last. He was a fourth time indicted by the Name of John White, of St. Dunstan at Stepney, for breaking the Dwelling House of John Putty, and taking thence 12 Table-Cloths, 4 Shifts, 4 Suits of Head-Clothes,&c. on the 5th of January 1716. Of all which Felonies and Burglaries he was accused by Isaac De-la-mee, who deposed that himself was an Accomplice with the Prisoner in them: But for want of better Evidence the Jury Acquitted him. James Knapper alias How and Mary Knapper, of St. Dunstan in the West, were indicted for feloniously stealing a Trunk, value 2 s. and 5 l. 10 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of Ann Shaw, in the\ Fleet\ Bridge of Ann Meers, on the 7th of March last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted them. John Griffiths, and Ann Hardey, of St. Dunstan in the East, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing 100 Yards of Broad-Cloth, value 45 l. the Goods of Daniel Javon, in the Dwelling-House of the said Daniel Javon, on the 9th of February last: and Ann Hardey as Accessary in receiving 5 Yards, part thereof, knowing them to be stole. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner was his Servant by the Year; and that he had a great Number of Broad-Cloths brought from Blackwell-Hall, and when the Porters came to take the Returns, 2 Pieces were missing. The Apprentice deposed, that the Prisoner was Journeyman to his Master, and cut Cloth there several Times, viz-5 Yards on the 27th of June, 30 Yards on the 25th of September, and 30 Yards on the 9th of February; and that he gave Hardey a Bundle, which were Remnants of Cloth, and not a Frock. Another deposed, that he bought 7 Remnants of the Prisoner for half a Crown a Remnant, 9 Months ago. Another deposed, that the Prisoner offer'd to Sell him a Remnant of Blue Cloth. Another deposed, that the Prisoner and Mr. Hardey falling out, the Prisoner told him, that Hardey was an over-reaching Fellow, owed him 27 s. for Cloth he had bought of him, and that he would give but one third of the value. The Prisoner Griffiths in his Defence said, that Hardey's Husband had made him a Frock and sent her for it to alter, which was the Bundle he gave her; denyed what the Apprentice swore about cutting of Cloth; and as to Selling of Cloth, he said he was employed by several Persons so to do: but could not prove it. The Evidence not being sufficient against Hardey, the Jury Acquitted her, and found Griffiths Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Jane Chambers, alias Wilson, of St. Botolph without Aldersgate, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Tankard value 8 l. 15 s. in the Dwelling House of Charles Kemp, the Goods of the said Charles Kemp, on the 16th of March last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Joseph Eglington of St. Peters Cornhill, was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief, value 2 s. from the Person of James Glover, on the 25th of March last. The Prosecutor deposed that he met the Prisoner, who star'd him full in the Face, which the more surprised him because he had a Charge about him; that he felt in his Pocket and mist his Handker-chief; and charging the Prisoner with it, he saw him drop it out of his Hand. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Barter, was indicted for a Trespass in endeavouring to break open the House of John Allen, with an intent to steal. The Prosecutor deposed that hearing a Noise on the 24th of March last about 4 a Clock in the Morning, he rose, and found 2 Iron Bars of the Cellar Window removed, a Third bent in order to break, and the Prisoner stooping down, and so close to them, that he could not tell whether his Hands touched them, or not. The Prisoner denied the Fact, saying he only staid to make Water. The Jury considering the Matter Acquitted him. William Winn of St. Olave's Hart-Street, was indicted for privately stealing 3 Yards and half of Broad Cloth, out of the House of Nicholas French, on the 17th of April last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner lodged in his House stole the Goods out of his Cutting-Room, and told him where he had sold them, which he found accordingly. Another confirm'd the same. The Cloth was produc'd in Court and swore to by the Prosecutor; and Mr. Baker deposed that he bought it of the Prisoner. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that the Prosecutor owed him Money, and therefore he took the Cloth. But that Excuse not being sufficient, the Jury found him Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. Transportation. Ann Dean was indicted for a Misdemeanour, in Cursing the King and drinking the Pretender's Health. But it appearing to be a malicious Prosecution, the Jury Acquitted her. Ann Smith of St. Brides, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Callicoe Gown and Petticoat, a quilted Silk Petticoat, 3 Suits of Headclothes, a Riding-hood, and other Goods, in all to the value of 5 l. in the Dwelling House of Mary Hughes, on the 11th of March last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner had been her Lodger, that she lost the Goods mentioned in the Indictment, that the Ridding-hood in Particular was found with the Prisoner in a Brandy-Shop, and that she confest it before the Justice. The finding of the Ridding-hood with her, and her confessing it before the Justice was confirm'd by other Evidences. The Jury considering the matter, found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Ridge of St. Sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Black Mare, value 6 l. the Property of William Gatford, on the 15th of April last. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost his Mare out of Boney in Sussex on the 14th, and found her at Mr. Upton's in Smithfield. Mr. Upton deposed that the Prisoner brought her into Smithfield on the 15th, and set a Boy upon her to sell her; that he sold her to Mr. Yates, who gave a Shilling Earnest for her; but the Prisoner not being able to produce Vouchers at the Toll-Book, the Mare remained there till the Prosecutor came and own'd her. The Prisoner pleaded that he had her of the Prosecutor's Wife, but could not prove it. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. Sarah Garret and Jeremiah Garret, of St. Ethelburga, were indicted for feloniously stealing 52 Handkerchiefs, value 20 s. the Goods of Persons unknown, on the 7th of March last. But the Evidence not being sufficient the Jury acquitted them. William Deer, of St. Botolph without Aldgate, was indicted for Assaulting Samuel Prigg on the High Way, on the 13th of March last, putting him in fear, and taking from him a Drugget Coat value 6 s. and a Silver Lac'd Hat value 4 s. the Goods of the said Samuel Prigg. But no Evidence appearing against him the Jury acquitted him. Timothy Cary, was indicted for a Misdemeanour, in forging a Pass for safe Conduct for two Mariners to go to Cumberland and Westmoreland, and setting the Name of Thomas Johnstone, Justice of Peace for Middlesex, to the same. But there being several Variances between the Pass and the Indictment, the Jury acquitted him. Ruth Howard, of Alhallows Lombard-street, was indicted for privately stealing a Dimond Stone value 25 l. from the Person of John de Rost, on the 18th of April. The Prosecutor deposed that he met with the Prisoner near the Monument, who lookt as if she was frighted and had fallen to the Ground, and there being a Cart close by, he thought the might have received some Hurt, wherefore he offer'd her a Glass of Wine to comfort her; that they went to the Ship Tavern together, and he called for a pint of Red; that he call'd for the Reckoning, which the Drawer said was 21 d. that putting his Hand in one of his Pockets he found but one Shilling and some Halfpence, then feeling in another he pull'd out half a Guinea and the Diamond, which he shewed to the Drawer, who gave it to him again; that then the Prisoner had it, and he saw her take it out of the Paper. The Drawer, deposed, that the Prosecutor gave him a Paper and bid him feel, which he did, but did not open it; that he gave it to the Prisoner to feel, and bid her not open it, but she did open it against his Will, and said there was nothing in it; that he felt something in it, when he had it in his Hand, about the bigness of a Pea: that they lookt all about but could not find it. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that the Prosecutor knew her and her Husband, and that meeting her, clapt his Arms round her and said she should Drink with him; that they had some Wine and a Pidgeon Pye, and among other Discourse, he told her how unfortunate he had been in picking up Girls for though he had allowed them 2 Guineas a Week, yet they abused him: that he offer'd to allow her a Guinea and half a Week to leave her Husband and live with him: she acknowledged that the Prosecutor did give her the Paper, but as she was going to open it be snatch it from her against, and the Diamond might be lost so, for she neither saw nor felt it in the Paper. The Jury considering the whole matter acquitted her. John Kein of St. Michael in Wood-street, was indicted for the Murder of Sarah Kein his Wife, by giving her a Mortal Wound with a Knife in her Throat of the Length of 6 Inches, and the Depth of 1 Inch on the 23d of March last; of which she languished till the 28th following, and then died. He was indicted a second time on the Coroners Inquest for the same. Richard Bull deposed, that the Deceased came to the Compter-Gate about 4 or 5 a Clock the Day aforesaid, and abused the Prisoner, who put his Hand thro' and held her with Violence; and desired him to let her in, for fear she should occasion more Actions to be brought against him, and keep him there his Life-time; whereupon he let her in, and they were drinking together in the Cellar till about Eight, when he told the Prisoner that it was late, and he must Lock him up; that he saw the Prisoner Bloody, and the Deceased lying in her Gore on the Ground, who when her Wounds were drest came to her Speech, and said, the Prisoner had done it: That the next Morning they found the Prisoner's Knife bloody in a back Yard, which the Ward the Prisoner lay in look'd into: his Hands and Apron were bloody. A Woman who was Prisoner there at the same time deposed, that the Deceased desired her to drink with her, which she did; that the Prisoner and the Deceased were at Variance, and he would not drink with her at first, but afterwards did, and kist her and ask'd her to go up; but she perswaded her not to go for fear he should beat her; that when the Bell Rung for clearing the House they went up. Another deposed that the Deceased gave the Prisoner provoking Language, and Spit at him, but were seemingly Friends afterwards and kist; that the Fact was committed by to Cistern at the top of the drinking Cellar, which was some distance from the Ward where the Prisoner lay. The Surgeon deposid that he saw the Wound and believes it Mortal, that her Jugular Vein was cut through, and her Pipe half through; that there was a Stab two Inches deep behind her Ear, and several other Wounds. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that the Deceased took his Knife out of his Pocket, and swore that she would be reveng'd on him or her self before they parted, and believ'd she did it her self; but being Examined as to Circumstances, own'd that having wrested the Knife out of her Hand, he did give her the Wounds; he pleaded also that he was Lunatick at some times. The Jury found him Guilty of both Indictments. Death. Hannah Long of Chelsea, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Spoon value 10 s. the Goods of Col. Thomas Chidley on the 20th of April. Mary Chapman deposed that the Prisoner chared in her Master's House when the Spoon was lost, and being taken up and had before a Justice, she confest, that she took it: her Confessionon was read in Court, and she having nothing to say for her self, the Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Clare of St. Leonard Shoreditch was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief value 2 s. 6 d. from the Person of Richard Storey, on the 27th of March last. The Prosecutor deposed that being at Stepney Church he felt his Handkerchief sliding out of his Pocket, whereupon he caught hold of the Prisoner's Hand and found it therein. The Prisoner said another dropt it on the Ground and he took it up: but the Jury not believing him, found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Elizabeth Evans of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing two China Window Curtains, value 10 s. the Goods of Peter Skawford on the 23d of April. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost his Goods. One of his Servants deposed that as he was sitting in his Master's Fore-Room he heard a Noise. whereupon he got up and follow'd the Prisoner out of Doors, and seeing her sling the Goods down, brought her back again. The Goods were produc'd in Court and swore to. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Ann Andrews of St. Botolph without Aldgate was indicted for privately stealing a Brass Box and 15s. in Money, the Goods and Money of Richard Hilton, from the Person of Mary Hilton: Mary Hilton deposed, that while her Brother was fighting with another Man, the Prisoner thrust her Hand into her Pocket, and took out the Box and Money mentioned in the Indictment. Mr. Allen deposed, that he went with the Prosecutor to take up the Prisoner, who gave him the Box, and said she had fetcht her Clothes out of Pawn with the Money that was in it. The Jury considering the Matter, found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. William Jones, alias Charles Cammel, of St. Mary White-Chapel was indicted for Assaulting Hester Pepper on the High-Way, putting her in fear, and taking from her a Pocket, 2 Snuff-Boxes, 3 Handkerchiefs, 2 Pen Knives and 1 s. 6 d. in Money, the Goods and Money of the said Hester Pepper, on the 21st of April last. The Prosecutor deposed that going along Red-Lyon-Street in Goodmans Fields, the Prisoner threw her down, tore off her Pocket and ran away; that she followed him and saw him give it to two others that were with him; that she took hold of him, saying he was the Man that had robb'd her; that he denied it and ran away, but she followed him cross the Way and got hold of him again by his Sleeve; that he got away a second time, but left the Cuff of his Sleeve with her, which was torn off in the Scuffle; that upon her crying out, he was taken and carry'd before a Justice, where the Cuff was produc'd and agreed with his Coat. Another deposed that he hearing the cry of Stop Thief, saw the Prisoner come running with others behind him, took him, found the Prosecutor with the Cuff of his Sleeve, and that he offer'd to make Satisfaction. Mr. Scales deposed that as he carried him to Newgate, when he came pretty near, several in the Street call'd to him saying, Ha! Charles, what are you going again? and that he advised him to tell of the other two, and save himself; to which he replied, would you have me to hang others for what I did? The Prisoner on his Tryal owned the Prosecutor tore his Sleeve off; and pleaded that he ran to catch the Persons who had robb'd her. The Jury found him Guilty of the Indictment. Death. Edward Hale, of Enfield, was indicted for feloniously stealing a black Horse value 9 l. the Property of Samuel Turle, on the 19th of March last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury acquitted him. Winifred Smith, alias Ophelia Smith, of St. Clements Danes was indicted for feloniously stealing two pound of Thread value 3 s. the Goods of William Darby, on the 19th of March last. Mrs. Darby deposed that the Prisoner came into their Shop and Cheapen'd Thread, Tape,&c. and while she was busy, took the Thread mention'd in the Indictment, but being charg'd closely with it, though she denied it at first, yet owned it afterwards, and gave it to her from under her Petticoat. A Neighbour deposed that Mrs. Darby sent for him into her Shop; and that he saw the Prisner after sometime, deliver the Goods to her. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Ann Chapman, of St. Mary White Chapel, was indicted feloniously stealing 2 Gold Rings value 12 s. 3 Guineas and 9 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of William Law, in the Dwelling. House of- Milton, on the 19th of April. The Prosecutor deposed, that he left his Money and Rings in his Breeches Pocket in the Morning, and mist them in the Evening, that she went from her Mistress that Day, who went with him the next to seek after her, when they found her landing at St. Katharines, with the Rings on her Finger, and that her Brother return'd him half a Guinea. Mrs. Milton confirmed their going after her and finding the Rings, the Constable deposed that when he apprehended her she said she had given her Brother 3 Guineas and spent the rest, and that the two Rings and half a Guinea were return'd. The Prisoner denied that she took the Money, and said that when she went to make his Bed the 2 Rings and half Guinea dropt out of his Pocket, which she took up and put into her own. The Jury considering the whole matter, found her Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. Transportation. William Page, of St. James at Clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a black Mare value 6 l. the Goods of John Gray, on the 13th of March last. The Prosecutor deposed that her lost his Mare from the Grounds at Eriss in Huntingtonshire on the 22nd of December last at Night, and found her on John Rawlinson. John Rawlinson deposed, that he bought her of the Prisoner in Long-Lane. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he bought her of a little black Fellow in his own Hair at the Three Colts in Finsbury: but could not prove it. He was a second time indicted for feloniously stealing a brown Mare, the Goods of Thomas Jolly, on the 14th of April last. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost his Mare from Upwell in Norfolk, and found her on Mr. King in Norfolk. Mr. Jenkins deposed, that he bought the Mare of the Prisoner, and sold her to Mr. King. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he bought her of Jack Hardwick in Huntington, but produced none to prove it. The Jury found him Guilty, of both Indictments. Death. Thomas Beesley of St. James's Westminister; was indicted for committing a Rape on the Body of Mary Tennet, a Girl of 10 Years and 4 Months old, on the 12th of March last. Hannah Flatt deposed, that the Girl told her the Prisoner had done her the Wrong complained of. The Midwife deposed, that she being sent for, examin'd the Child, and found her very much abused, that there had been Violence and a Penetration; that the Child was swell'd to a very great degree, and had a Run upon her. Edmund James deposed, that the Prisoner the Night he was taken up own'd to him, that he had lain with her when he was drunk. The Prisoner said, that he knew nothing of the Matter. The girl being ask'd whether she knew what an Oath was, answer'd she did not: and said, That the Prisoner black'd Shoes about Crown and Sceptre Court; that he stopt her Mouth with a Handkerchief or Cloth; that she was with him twice within 2 or 3 Days of each other, and he served her so both Times; that she did not discover it till after the second Time; and then did because she was sore. The Jury considering the whole Matter, acquitted him. Martha Smallman and Susannah Jones, of St. Giles in the Fields, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing 2 Pockets, 5 Keys, 6 Guineas, 4 l. in Money, a Damask Napkin,&c. out of the House of James Williamson, on the 1st of April last: and Susannah Jones for receiving a Damask Napkin and 7 s. part of the said Money and Goods, knowing them to be stole. The Prosecutor deposed, that coming home about 5 a Clock he mist a Nest of Drawers out of his Bar, and found them thrown down the House of Office, and the Bottom broke out; that he took the two Pockets 3 Guineas, and 15 s. on Smallman, who owned it to be his Money, and that she took it: that Jones owned she had 7 s. of the Money and a Damask Napkin, which she pawn'd, told where, and was found accordingly. Smallman own'd it on her Tryal; but the Evidence not being sufficient against Jones, the Jury Acquitted her, and found Smallman Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Martha Smallman, was indicted a second Time for feloniously stealing 3 Gold Rings value 3 l. the Goods of Ann Edwards, out of the Dwelling-House of James Williamson. The Prosecutor deposed, that being alone in her Room, the Prisoner came in, took the Rings off the Chimney-Piece, ran down Stairs with them, and she could not overtake her. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. Transportation. Joseph Rose, of St. James Westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Hat value 5 s. the Goods of John Ryley on the 29th of March last. He was a second time indicted for feloniously stealing a Hat value 10 s. and a pair of Stockings value 4 s. the Goods of on the 9th of April. He was a third time indicted for feloniously stealing a Hat value 4 s. the Goods of the Right Honourable the, on the 22d of March last. It appeared that the Prisoner came to the House and askt for small Beer, and while the Servant was gone for some he took his Hat, and being taken and carried before the Justice he confessed it, and the two others, and owned one of them on his Tryal; his Confession was read in Court, and the Jury found him Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. each Indictment. Transportation. Mary Green, of St. Mary White Chapel, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Gown and Petticoat, the Goods of George Compton, on the 4th of March last. Eliz Campton deposed, that the Prisoner took the Goods as they hung at her Door, but she hearing her, followed and found them upon her at the next Door. The Prisoner denied the Fact, but had none to her Reputation, the Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Elizabeth Cranbery of Twittenham, was indicted for the Murder of Thomas Biggs, by privately putting White Arsenick, and other Poyson, into a Dish of Milk Porridge, which she knew to be provided for his Breakfast, on the 9th of April, of which he was sick from 8 a Clock in the Morning till 4 in the, Afternoon, and then died. She was indicted a second Time on the Coroners Inquest for the same. Hannah Tudor deposed that on the Tuesday before, she going to make the Bed where the Prisoner and her self lay, found a piece of yellow Silk with something tied up in it, which she took to be Sugar, but putting it to her Tongue found it hot, whereupon she took out a little of it and put into a Paper, and tied up the rest again and put it in the Window; that the Prisoner came into the Room, took it out of the Window, and carried toward her Box; that she shewed what she had reserved in the Paper to the Deceased and his Wife, to see if they knew what it was; that on Friday Night the Prisoner and the Deceased(who was her Father-in-Law) had many Words together, insomuch that he threatned to turn her out of Doors; and she told him he should not: that on Saturday Morning while the Deceased's Wife was feeding of him, he complained there was something in the Porridge, and that she told him there was nothing to her Knowledge for she clean'd the Sauce-Pan and boyled it her self, and if there was any thing it must be in the Oat-meal; that he eat two or three Spoonfuls more, and complained again, whereupon she went and took the Spoon out of her Mistresses Hand. and stirring the Milk found something in it, which she said look'd like Lime, and his Son said it look'd like Starch; that stirring it to the Bottom she found a great many white Specks; that they gave it to the Dog, who vomited it up again. That the Deceased said, What have you Poisened me! I'll search all your Boxes. That the Prisoner said, He should not search hers, if he did he should pay for it. But he going to break it open with a Hammer, she opened it her self; and took out a Paper which she said was Cinnamon, and then another Paper, which she was going to convey away, but the Deceased being very intent upon the search, and his Head as it were in the Box, perceived it and snatch'd it out of her Hand, saying,(when he had look'd upon it) This is such as I had in my Victuals. He sent his Wife to the Doctors with it, who order'd her to give him some Oil; that he was taken ill presently, and continued Vomiting till he died, which was about 4 a Clock in the Afternoon. Mrs. Biggs deposed, that she made a Saucepan of Milk-Porridge, as usual, and left her Daughter(the Prisoner) to look after her Nursery while she fed her Husband(the Deceased) that he complained there was something in his Porridge twice,&c. and confirmed what the former Evidence had deposed, and added that the Deceased said, he hoped he should overcome it because he vomited so much. The Paper taken out of her Box was produced in Court. Dr. Perkins deposed, that he lookt upon it when it was brought to him, and that it was White Arsenick, White Vitriol, and Bole-Armoniac, which is rank Poyson; that\ he\ opened him, and found him Poysoned, his Stomach corroded and turn'd Black, and other Marks of Poyson. The Prisoner denied the Fact. and said that she lived at an Apothecary's in the Country as a Servant, but having agreed with a Woman to learn her to wash Gloves, she gave her Mistress warning; that a Woman coming one Day for something to wash Gloves with, when the Dr. had served her he laid the rest down in the Window, and she took it in Order to make use of it when she came to wash Gloves her self. And as to her refusing to have her Box search'd, she said that tho' she did at first, yet she open'd it her self presently. The Jury considering the whole matter brought her in Guilty of both Indictments. Death. Samuel Clay, of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Pint Pot out of the House of Henry Cock, on the 26th of April. The Prosecutor deposed that he came into his House and ask'd for a Gentleman; that he drew him a Pint of Drink in a Silver Mug, but missing of it as soon as he was gone, pursued and took him with the Mug under his Coat. The Prisoner owned he took it, but not with a Design to steal it, but to bring it back again. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. George Palfreman and Mary his Wife, of St. Martins in the Fields were indicted for feloniously stealing 4 Looking Glasses, a Blanket, 3 Pound of Brass,&c. the Goods of John Macclery, on the 14th of March last. But no Evidence appearing against them, they were Acquitted. James Sands and William Hobbs of St. Botolph without Aldgate, were indicted for breaking the House of Richard Pidworth, on the 11th of April in the Night-time, and taking thence 2 Shirts, an Apron,&c. the Goods of the said Richard Pidworth. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted them. George Davis, alias Green, of St. Edmund the King, was indicted for feloniously stealing 350 Guineas and an Half, 30 Moidores, and 5 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of Elias Turner, Sir George Caswell, and Jacob Sawbridge Esq; in the Dwelling House of the said Elias Turner and Company, on the 13th of April last. Richard Newton deposed that he went to several Places to receive several Sums of Money, and received that mentioned in the Indictment, which he put into a Drawer in his Masters Office; with a Book of Memorandurms; and that the next Morning both the Money and Book were gone. That the Tuesday or Wednesday following, he saw the Book and some Money taken out of the Dover-Bag in the Post Office. Mr. Love(the Post-Master's Agent at Dover) deposed, that he received Orders form the Right Honourable the Lord Cornwallis and Mr. Craigs, to seize the Prisoner in his Passage to France, which he did accordingly, and took his Papers and some Money from him; that he sealed up the Papers in a Cover, and sent them directed to the Right Honourable the Post-Master-General. Henry Marshal deposed, that he put the Seal to the Book of Memorandums, which was found on the Prisoner, and produced in Court, and swore to be the same that was in the Drawer with the Money. Mr. Newton deposed also that the Prisoner was a Servant, who received Money abroad and paid it into the Office, but had no Trust of it when there. His Confession sign'd by himself was read in Court; and the Prisoner on his Tryal owned that he took it. The Jury found him Guilty of the Indictment. Death. Richard Glasford of St. Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Drugget Coat, Wastcoat and Breeches value 40 s. on the 21st of April, the Goods of John Smith, in the Dwelling-House of Edward White. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Laurence Flower of Chelsea; was indicted for feloniously stealing a Bay Gelding value 35 s. the Goods of Richard Simms, on the 14th of April. The Prosecutor deposed, that he lost his Horse from Oldfield-Common near Maiden-head, and found him in Smithfield with Tho Watts. Tho Watts deposed he bought him of the Prisoner at Chelsea. Mr. Lovel confirmed the same. The Prisoner said he found him on the Road. But that Excuse did not avail him, the Jury found him Guilty. Death. Anthony Goddard of St. Clements Danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Mug value 4 l. 19 s. in the Dwelling House of Philip and Thomas Lambert, on the 22d of March last. It appeared that the Prisoner and another Man went into the Fountain Tavern in the Strand, had Wine, Veal-Cutlets, and Small-Beer in a Silver Mug; that they were going away without paying their Reckoning; but the Drawer looking into the Room mist the Mug and secur'd the Prisoner, who offer'd 5 l. to make up the matter. The Prisoner in his Defence said he thought the Man that was with him(who he said was a Stranger) had carry'd the Mug to the Bar and paid the Reckoning. But the Jury not believing him, found him Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Laurence Waldron of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Drugget Coat and Wastcoat, and 2 pair of Holland Sheets, on the 2d of February last. To which Indictment he pleaded Guilty. Transportation. Elizabeth Walters of St. Paul's Covent-Garden, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Poplin Gown and Petticoat,&c. the Goods of Sarah Curtis. It appeared that the Prisoner came to the Prosecutor, desiring that she might be there till she could provide her self a Lodging, took the Goods and went away, but was found in Holbourn with the Clothes on, which she had wore ever since, and had on at her Tryal. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Barbara Useley of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for privately stealing half a Guinea from the Person of Bartholomew Huggins, on the 13th of March last. The Prosecutor deposed, that going up Drury-Lane between 8 and 9 at Night with a Friend, they met the Prisoner and another Woman, who ask'd them to drink; that they went into Newtoners-Lane together. The Prisoner went up Stairs with his Friend and the other Woman and he staid below, that when she came down, she ask'd if he(the Prosecutor) was pleased, and was answer'd yes; that he had paid for what he had, and was going, but the Prisoner said, come let him have another touch for Good-will, and while he was busy with her, he felt her Hand in his Pocket, got up and mist his Money. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that the Prosecutor was on the Bed with the other Woman with her Coats up, and would afterwards have lain with her self, but she refusing him, he charged her with this Fact. The Jury considering the whole matter, Acquitted her. William Hunt of St. Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for a Felony in Marrying two Wives, to which Indictment he pleaded Guilty. Burnt in the Hand. William Deer of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Drugget Coat and Wastcoat,&c. the Goods of John Barrimore, but the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Zephaniah Martin of St. Mary in the Savoy, was indicted for privately stealing two Perriwigs out of the Shop of James Griffiths on the 7th of April. The Fact being plainly prov'd upon him the Jury found him Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. Transportation. Elizabeth Cullin, of St. Clements Danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Muslin Apron, 2 Caps, a pair of Stockings, a Silver Spoon, a Handkerchief,&c. the Goods of Ann Evans, on the 2d of March last. It appeared that the Prisoner was the Prosecutor's Servant, took the Goods, and brought them again; that she confest it before the Justice, and could not deny it on her Tryal. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation.,of St. Mary White Chapel, was indicted for stealing a Holland Shirt, a Shift, 2 Aprons,&c. the Goods of William Dyer, on the 1st of April. The Fact being fully proved, the Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Lewis Vain, of Paddington, was indicted for feloniously stealing a black Mare value 7 l. the Goods of Joseph Baker, on the 1st of December last. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost his Mare out of the Fields near Tybourn on the 30th of November, whereupon he advertised it in the News, and had a Letter of advice sent him by Mr. Binks from Topsham near Exeter; whereupon he rid thither and found her. Edward Binks deposed, that reading the Advertisement at the Coffee House, found by the Discription,(which was very remarkable) that it must be the same Mare the Prisner rode upon, who had come a Day and half's Journey along with him, whereupon he went to the Inn and secur'd both Mare and Prisoner, and sent a Letter thereof to Mr. Baker; and that the Prisoner offer'd to sell her several times. The Prisoner in his Defence said that he bought her in Smithfield, but could not prove it. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. Thomas Weaver of St. Martins in the Fields was indicted for a Trespass in taking 6 Pound of Lead from the Dwelling-House of Tho. Brown which was fix'd to the Freehold. but the Evidence not sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Mary Smith of St. Mary White-Chapel, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Yards of Broad-Cloth value 12 s. the Goods of Charles Hadley, on the 30th of March last. It appeared that she took the Goods off the Tenters in a Tenter-Ground in Goodmans-Fields, but being seen by two Persons, was taken. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Alice Duton of St. Ann's Westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Fustian-Frock and Wastcoat, the Goods of Henry Hitchcote, on the 1st of March last. The Prosecutor deposed he lost his Clothes, and following the Prisoner, saw them fall from her. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John White, was indicted for breaking the House of Eliz. Brooks, and taking thence a Stuff Gown and Petticoat. But no Evidence appearing against him, the Jury Acquitted him. Thomas Day, of St. Brides, was indicted on a Statute made in the 5th Year of His present Majesty King George, for feloniously altering the Numbers of two Lottery Tickets that were drawn Blanks, to the Numbers of two that were drawn Prize s. viz. No. 64590, to 61960, a Prize of 500l. and 64592 to 68073. a Prize of 100l. on the 30th of December last, with an Intention to defraud our Sovereign Lord the King. Mr. Odams deposed, that he was appointed one of the Receivers of the Lottery Tickets, and that the Tickets mentioned in the Indictment, and which he had in his Hand, were Lottery Tickets, but alter'd. Mr. Jones deposed, that they were Lottery Tickets cut out of a Book he had in Court, but that the Numbers were alter'd; that he was Clerk, and all the Books were in his Custody, sign'd by the Managers. James Smith deposed, that the Prisoner before Christmas last came to his Bed side, and told him he was lately Married to a Gentlewoman of a great Fortune, and importun'd him to dispose of a Lottery Ticket, which was a Prize of 100 l. which he did, and had near half the Money for himself. That he came to him again with a Ticket which he said was a 500 l. Prize, and desired him to dispose of it; that he ask'd him how he came by it, and other Questions. upon which the Prisoner owned that it was indirectly obtain'd, but would not own that it was a false one, and wonder'd that this Evidence should suspect it, and ask such Question. That he( James Smith) wrote a Letter to Mr. Sadler, Goldsmith in Fleet-Street in the Name of Ann Stevenson, a Gentlewoman at Clavering in Essex, and enclosed the said Ticket in it, in which Letter he desired Mr. Sadler to dispose of the Ticket, and to pay himself out of the Money received for it, for such Plate as was bespoke in the said Letter, and to put the rest of the Money in a Box with the Plate, and to deliver it to one who would call for it such a Night, and ask for the Box with the Coffee-Pot. That finding Mr. Sadler very dilatory, he, at the Prisoner's Request, wrote two other Letters to him; and the Prisoner wrote one to Mrs. Jennings complaining of Mr. Sadlers Usage. Mr. Sadler deposed he received the three Letters and Ticket, and that a Porter came for the Box of Plate, but he suspecting Roguery, carry'd the Ticket to the Office at White-Hall. As to the other Ticket of 100l. James Smith deposed that he had seen it before; and that the Prisoner had told him that he gave a Ticket to a Porter to carry to Mr. Gandy, which he own'd he had alter'd, and that he own'd before the Justice they were false; and that he said to him, What good will it do you so see me go in a Mourning Coach to he Hang'd. The Justice(who was in Court) deposed, that the Prisoner, when before him denied that they were false. John Hurl the Porter deposed, that he received a Ticket to carry to Mr. Gandy, who said, he would go and Examine it, and that he believed it to be Good; that he was to carry the Money to Mrs. Jordan; but did not know the Man he received it of. Mrs. Jordan deposed, that the Porter told her, he was order'd to pay her 100l. but she order'd him to stop the Ticket. The Prisoner denied the whole Matter, and called the Constable, who deposed that he took up Smith first, and he impeached the Prisoner; that when he took the Prisoner, he said, Oh! is this all? I don't value it; I am Innocent; and this will be a Means to break off my Acquaintance with that Smith. He also called several to his Reputation. That the Numbers of the Tickets were alter'd was very plain, and the Books that checkt them, and the Tickets, were produc'd and compar'd, and deliver'd to the Jury, but they not being satisfied with the Evidence that had been given, that the Prisoner, alter'd them, Acquitted him. Hannah Goodwin of St. Katharine Coleman, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Linnen Sheets and a Frying Pan, the Goods of William Weaving. To which Indictment she pleaded Guilty. Transportation. Samuel Neales of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for Assaulting Mary Becket on the High Way, putting her in fear, and taking from her a Pocket and 9 Guineas, on the 2d of February last. The Money of Henry Becket. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Linch Scarriot, of St. Brides, was indicted for a Misdemeanour in inticing John Drake to go away from his Master John Woodrose, and to robb him. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner workt for him 4 Years, and that he losing Goods at several times, at last charg'd his Apprentice with it, who confess'd the Prisoner. John Drake deposed, that the Prisoner told him he wanted a Paper of Loops. value 5 s. which he carried to his House, and ask'd for the Book to set them down, but he bid him come again, and then refused, saying he would give him 6 d. for them; that he bid him bring him Buttons without setting down, which he did, 30 Groce at several times; and 3 Groce he took off the Compter, and 6 Pound of Burras, which they use to Solder with, and gave him a Shilling. The Prisoner deny'd the Fact, and called several to his Reputation, who gave him a good Character. The Jury considering the Matter, and it appearing that when he was discovered he fled into Holland, they found him Guilty of the Indictment. Margaret Delfoise of St. Brides, was indicted for privately stealing 2 Guineas, 3 Half Guineas. and a half French Pistole, from the Person of, on the 20th of April. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquicted her. Robert Cole, of St. James's Westminster, was indicted on the Statute of 21 Hen. 8. for that he being then a Servant to the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Cobham, did imbezil a Brillant Diamond Necklace value 1500l. and a Brillant Diamond pair of Ear-rings value 150l. the Goods of the said Lord Viscount Cobham, which were deliver'd to him to carry to Mr. Halsey. The delivery of the Jewels to him to carry to Mr. Halsey was fully proved by Celestia Rosier and Mrs Ashurst, and that he carried them to the Marquess of Winchester's and shewed them there to his Porter and Mr. Meales, saying that he was going to my Lady Cobham's Father with them, appeared by the Evidence of John Millwood. The Prisoner also owned that he received them for that purpose, and pleaded that he delivered them accordingly; to make out which, he call'd and examin'd as follows. Mr. Halsey being ask'd, deposed, that he brought none of them to him. The Lord Cobham deposed, that he advised his Wife before they went into the Country to send her Jewels to Mr. Halsey for safety; that she told him she had; but that he never saw them since. The Lady Cobham confirmed the same, and Deposed that she had not seen them since. Mrs. Halsey also deposed that she did not see them, and that they were not deliver'd to her. The Prisoner said, as a Circumstance that he deliver'd them, that his Lady sent him next day to her Father with a Note for 100 l. and that he paid him all in Gold except 5 s. and that as he was upon the Water coming Home with it, he found he wanted a Guinea of the Sum, whereupon he went back, and found Mr. Halsey in this Compting House, and told him of it, who taking his Pen to cast it up, found the Mistake, and gave him the Guinea; and then he carried the 100 l. Home to his Lady. But this was contradicted by Mr. Halsey and my Lady in every particular. He also called Mary Emmerson, his Servant, who deposed, that he brought the Jewels Home, and shewed them to her Mistress, saying he was going to carry them to Mr. Halsey; that he went out about 12 and return'd about 5, and said that he had deliver'd them. That the next Day he came home and said he was going for 100 l. that he brought home a great deal of Gold, and said afterwards that he had carried it to his Lady. He also called Eliz. Weston, who deposed, that she saw him have a great deal of Gold, and that he told her he had it of Mr. Halsey, and afterwards said, he had given it to his Lady, who returned him a Shilling for his Boat. He also call'd some Persons to prove that he was in a very poor Condition about that Time, and that his Goods were seized on about a Fortnight after. The Jury considering the whole matter, found him Guilty of the Indictment. Transportation. Henry Hutchinson of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Blankets and 2 Brass Candlestick, on the 10th of April, to which Indictment he pleaded Guilty. Transportation. Rebecca Carter of St. Mary Le-Bow, was indicted or feloniously stealing a pair of Worsted Stockings value 4 s. 6 d. the Goods of Joseph Marriot, on the 24th of February last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner was his Servant 2 Months, but missing several small things he suspected her, and when she was gone, his Man told him that she had his Stockings on; whereupon he went to the Feathers-Tavern, and sent to tell her that there were two Gentlemen wanted to speak with her, and when she came they found his Stockings on her Legs; that she then said, she had them of a Gentlewoman in Kent. John Powel and the Constable confirmed, that she said, she had them of a Gentlewoman in Kent. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that John Powel gave them to her for lying with her But the Prosecutor deposed, that they could not agree together by any Means, and that he threatned to kick her down Stairs; and also observed, that if he had a mind to present her with a pair of Stockings, he had enow at his Command that would have been fit to wear, and not to have given her those that were not scower'd but in the Grease. To which the Prisoner reply'd, that they did not quarrel till afterwards; and that she wore them in the House, and they saw them on her Legs, and did not take her up; she also called several to her Reputation, who deposed, that they had entrusted her very largely, as with Gold Watches. Rings, Plate,&c. to the value of several Hundred Pounds, and always found her Honest. And one who deposed, that the Prisoner told him, that she had brought this Prosecution on her self by her saucy Tongue. The Jury considering the whole matter, Acquitted her. Charles Powel of St. Giles Cripplegate, was indicted for breaking the House of John Hughes in the Day-time, and taking thence a Stuff Gown and Petticoat. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquited him. John Jones of St. Mary White-Chappel, was indicted for feloniously stealing 70 Pound of Sugar, out of the Warehouse of Joseph Bagnal, Esq; But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Nathaniel Delamont of St. John at Hackney, was indicted for Assaulting Robert Atkinson on the Highway, putting him in Fear, and taking from him 2 Guineas, on the 12th of March last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. William Newman of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Coach-Seats. The Goods of Joseph Newton, on the 7th of March last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him The Tryals being over, the Court proceeded to give Judgement as followeth; Receiv'd Sentence of Death. 9. George Davis alias Green, John Kein, John Ridge, Francis Frissith, William Jones alias Charles Cammel, William Page, Elizabeth Cranberry, Lewis Vain and Laurence Flower. Burnt in the Hand. 3. William Hunt, Margaret Norris and Johanna Radwell, the two last formerly Convicted. To be Transported. 32. James Heathcot, Alice Jones, James Wilson, James Mercy alias Massey, Susannah Smith, Zephaniah Martin, Jasper Andrews, John Griffiths, Joseph Eglington, William Winn, Ann Smith, Hannah Goadman, Hannah Long, John Clare, Elizabeth Evans, Ann Andrews, Winifred Smith alias Ophelia Smith, Ann Chapman, Martha Smallman, Joseph Rose, Mary Green, Samuel Clay, Anthony Goddard, Elizabeth Walters, Elizabeth Cullin, S- K-, Mary Smith, Alice Outon, Laurence Waldron, H Hutchinson, Robert Cole, and Pinfield Cook, alias Ri Smith. ADVERTISEMENTS. Lately publish'd, the 6th Edition with Additions of, YOUTH, Introduction to Trade and Business: Containing, I. Tables of the most usual Clerk like Contractions of Words; a Collection of English Words, alike in Sound, but different in Signification, with proper Directions how to address to Persons of Rank, and those in Office. II Acquittances and Promissory Notes diversified and adapted to such Circumstances as occur in real Business. III. Variety of Bills of Parcels, and Bills on Book Debts, to enter the Learner in the Manner and Methods of Commerce, and to make him ready at Computation. IV. Bills of Exchange, with Directions necessary for the right Understanding and Management of Remittances; several Orders for Goods, Letters of Credit, Invoyces, and other Merchant-like Examples. V. Authentick Forms of such Law-Precedents, as are most frequently to be met with, in Course of Traffick. VI. A Collection of Questions, to exemplify the common Rules of Arithmetick, and to reduce them to Practice. For the use of Schools. Done upon the Plan of the late Col. Ayre's Essay, By M. Clare, School master in Soho Square, London. With whom Youth may board and be fitted for Business. price 2 s. Printed for Ed Symon, at the Corner of Pope's-head-Alley in Cornhill. Some BOOKS printed for and sold by Edward Parker at the Bible and Crown in Lombard Street, near Stocks Market. THE London New Method and Art of Teaching Children to Spell and Read; so as they may, without the Help of any other Books, read the Bible in less than twelve Months. Note, This Way of Teaching is approved by most School Masters as the best. Price bound 6 d. with great Allowance to those who sell or give them away. Note, There are some printed on Fine Paper, bound up with Cuts. pr. 8 d. For the Compleating of Psalmody. The Devout Singer's Guide; containing all the Common Tunes now in Use, with select Portions of the Psalms adapted to each Tune, and Rules for singing Treble and Bass. To which is added, A Table shewing at one View what Psalms and Hymns are proper to each Tune both in the Old Version of Mr.Hopkins and Mr. Sternhold, and in the New Version of Dr. Brady and Mr. Yate. And Directions for Parish Clerks in the Choice of proper Psalms on most Occasions. B S. Shenton; and Recommended by P. Joynson, D. Warner, and other Singing Masters. The Fourth Edition; to which is added Five Tunes, containing their Cansus, Medius and Bassus, not in the former Editions, Price bound 1 s. Aesop's Fables, with Morals and Reflections, as improv'd by Sir Roger L'Estrange, done into Variety of English Verse. Illustrated with Cuts curiously engrav'd on Copper Plates. Very useful to Divert and Instruct Young Gentlemen and Ladies in the Conduct of Human Life. The Fourth Edition. Price bound 2 s. 6 d. Arithmetick made easie, according to the New Method now taught and practis'd in London. Where in the Rules of that necessary Art are briefly explain'd, and illustrated with such familliar Examples as may suit the meanest Capacity, If they desire to learn it. To which is added a Succinct Treatise of Decimal Fractions, with Compleat Tables, Rules, and Examples demonstrating the same. The like not extant in any other Treatise of this Nature. The Fourth Edition. By John Copeland, Writing-Master. Price bound 1 s. Maximum in Minimo; Or. Mr. Jeremiah Rich's Pens Dexterity compleated. Being the plainest and easiest Method of writing SHORT-HAND. To which are added. The Terms of the Law compleat in Characters at length, being of great use to all Lawyers and others who take Tryals at large in Courts. Never done till now. By Samuel Botley. The whole curiously engrav'd on Thirty Copper-plates, Pr. 1 s. 6d. A Guide to English Juries; Setting forth their Antiquity, Power and Duty, from the Common Law and Statutes. With a Table. By a Person of Quality. Also a Letter to the Author upon the same Subject. Price 1 s. Orders, By Laws, and Ordinances for the good Government and Regulating of the Persons Licensed to Keep and Drive Hackney-Coaches, and their Renters and Drivers. Made, Publish'd and Declar'd by the Commissioners; and Allowed and Approved by the Lord Chancellor and Judges as the Law directs. Price 3 d. A Water that perfectly cures the Itch, or any Itching Humour in a few Days, without necessity of Purging, or the dangerous use of Mercury, Price 1 s. 6 d. is only Prepared and Sold by A Downing Chymist, at the Crown and Ball in George Court in St. John's Lane by Hick's Hall near West Smithfield. Where also may be had, the best Spirits of Scurvy-Grass, by Wholesale or Retale at 8 d. a Bot-tle. A most effectual Remedy for the Violent Pain in the Teeth, Price 1 s. Also a most excellent Remedy for preserving the Teeth and clearing them from the Scurvey, Price 2 s."	"the proceedings on the king's commission of the peace, and oyer and terminer, and goal-delivery of newgate, held for the city of london, and county of middlesex, at justice-hall in the old bayly, on wednesday, thursday and friday, being the 27th, 28th and 29th of april, 1720. in the sixth year of his majesty's reign. 6 may 1720. before the right honourable sir george thorold, kt and baronet, lord mayor of the city of london; sir william thompson, kt. recorder; john raby, esq; deputy recorder; and several of his majesty's justices of the peace for the city of london, and county of middlesex. the jurors names were as followeth: london jury. john keeble, henry brookhouse, john white, edward littlefield, william terret, joseph ward, thomas whitehorn, philip colebank, robert arnold, john barnwell, thomas dowse, john wilford. middlesex jury. giles riddle, thomas bavan, jeremy lewin, john curtis, william kendrick, joseph partridge, edward lilley, john ward, aaron gibbs, thomas salisbury, john wilson, robert wheely. the proceedings went as followeth:,of st. leonard eastcheap, was indicted for feloniously stealing 70 pound weight of tobacco, value 4 l. 10 s. the goods of job wicks, in the dwelling house of the said job wicks, on the 8th of april last. it appeared that the prisoner was the prosecutor's servant; and his fellow servant deposed that he perceiving his pocket to stick out, searched him, and found a paper of tobacco in it worth about 18 d. which he owned to him was his master's, and that he took it out of his cellar. the constable also deposed that he confest he had taken tobacco several times. the said paper of tobacco was produced in court. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. alice jones, of st. michael's cornhill, was indicted for privately stealing a bermundas hat, value 10 s. out of the shop of edward hillior, on the 21st of april last. the prosecutor's servant deposed that the prisner came into his master's shop and ask'd for a hat of about 10 s. price; that he shewed several, and at last they agreed for one; but she said it was to go into the country, and that she would stop into bishopsgate-street. and if the coach was not gone she would come and fetch it; that she went out of the shop but he perceiving she could hardly walk fetcht her back again, and the hat mentioned in the indictment fell from between her legs. another deposed that he saw the former evidence take the hat from under her petticoats. the prisoner denyed the fact, and called two persons to her reputation, who gave her a good character, and said that she rented a house of 10 l. a year in petty france, at westminster, but she had told the justice that she liv'd in king-street. the jury considering the whole matter, found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. james wilson, of st katharine coleman, was indicted for feloniously stealing 12 pound of beef, value 4 s. the goods of charles watts on the 9th of april. mary watts deposed that a gentleman came up to her bar about 8 a clock at night, and told here there was a fellow lurking about her house; that between 10 and 11 the prisoner came to the bar and took a rump of beef which hung there, but being pursued dropt it at the door, that she saw him plain, and was sure the prisoner was the same person. the cook-maid also deposed that she saw the prisoner take the beef, and that he lifted it up three times before be could get it off the hook. the prisoner in his defence said, that he had been drinking, and ran his head against the beef, and it fell; but it appeared by the evidence that he dropt it 10 yards from the place where it hung. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. james mercy, alias masse, of st. andrew undershaft; was indicted for feloniously stealing 3 silk gowns and petticoats, a camblet cloak, and other goods, in the dwelling house of mary robinson, on the 15th of april. the prosecutor deposed, that she hearing a noise above stairs, sent the maid up to see what it was. mary gough deposed that she went up and found the prisoner there with his arms full of clothes, whereupon she lock'd him in, ran down and call'd assistance; that when they went up again the clothes were found on the wet floor, which before were lockt up in the drawers. the constable deposed that the prisoner shamm'd being drunk; and that he found a chissel in his pocket, with which he believes he open'd the drawers. the jury found him guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. benjamin cook, alias richard smith, of st. mary abchurch, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver cup, value 15 s. the goods of philip austin, on the 29th of march last. the prosecutor deposed that he lost his cup out of his kitchen, which was produced in court, and sworn to by him. a goldsmith deposed that the prisoner offered to sell it him, whereupon he stopt him and sent for mr. austin, who owned it. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. thomas bengodwin, alias goodwin, of st. sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing 12 tann'd calve-skins value 18 s. the goods of john leak, on the 26th of march last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. susannah smith of st. sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing a drugget coat and wastcoat value 20 s. the goods of william lawrence, on the 18th of march last. the prosecutor deposed that he lost the goods; and that a person came and told him where they were pawn'd, whereupon he went and found them accordingly. the pawnbroker deposed that the prisoner brought them to him and had 3 s. 6 d. on them. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. zephaniah martin of st. botolph without aldgate, was indicted for privately stealing a perriwig, value 2 l. 2s. the goods of richard hewet in the house of thomas limes, on the 25th of april last.- limes deposed that the prisoner came into his father's shop, and ask'd for a gentleman, who he said, was to meet him there; and that he took up the news papers, walked about, and gave him his wig to comb, which while he was doing, he observed the prisoner to take the wig mentioned in the indictment, and put it up his back under his coat; that when he had done combing his wig he gave him 2 d. and was going away; that he let him go to the door, then seized him, and got the neighbours to secure him while he call'd a constable; that he gave him the wig from under his coat, and offer'd him a ring and money, desiring him for god's sake not to prosecute him. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. jasper andrews of st. botolph without aldgate, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 holland shirts, 2 holland shifts,&c. the goods of john garnsey, on the 18th of march last. the prosecutor deposed, that the goods were taken out of his kitchin. sarah wilkinson deposed, that she found the prisoner in the entry with the clothes wet under his arm, who when he saw her, threw them down and ran away; but she followed him over the way and took him, and that she had her eye on him all the while. another corroborated her evidence. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. francis griffith, samuel wafer and thomas griffith of the parish of st. andrews holbourn, were indicted for breaking open the dwelling house of james odes on the 13th of this instant april in the night time, and stealing thence a cloth coat, wastcoat and breeches, a pair of silk stockings,&c. the goods of thomas medlicott, esq; and 3 silver spoons, holland shirts, silk, brandy, red-wine,&c. the goods of the said james odes. to which indictment francis griffith pleadeth guilty. death. but the evidence not being sufficient against the other two, the jury acquitted them. thomas adams of st. swithin's, was indicted for assaulting john thompson on the highway, putting him in fear, and taking from him a silver watch and case, value 50 s. and 18 s. in money, on the 1st of march last. the prosecutor deposed that as he was going by london-stone in cannon-street, about 12 a clock the night aforesaid, the prisoner and three others came behind him, tript him up, turn'd him twice, and took away his watch and money; that he seized the prisoner by his arm and coat, and held him fast till the watch came. the constable deposed, that the prosecutor and one of his watchmen brought the prisoner to the watch-house, and told him that he was robb'd of a watch and 18 s. whereupon he search'd the prisoner, and found on him 28 s. some half-pence and a common-prayer book; that the prosecutor said, he had a king edward's shilling, but could not find it upon the prisoner, nor any thing else that the prosecutor could swear to; and that the prosecutor was in drink. the prisoner in his defence said, that there was a woman with the prosecutor on the ground, and as he went by she desired him to take hold of him, saying, he was much in drink, and was her acquaintance; that he got him up, and the prosecutor offer'd him a pint of wine, which he refused; that then the prosecutor told him he had robb'd him of his watch and money; whereupon he offer'd to go along with him before the constable, and did, and told them how much money he had in his pocket, which agreed with what they found when he was search'd; and then they charg'd the constable with each other. the jury acquitted him. john mason of st. brides, was indicted for privately stealing 5 s. in money from the person of martha dowyer, on the 20th of march last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. john whalebone and john white, of st. botolph without bishopsgate, were indicted for breaking the dwelling-house of john crofts, on the 29th of december last in the night-time, and taking thence a warming pan, 24 ounces of silk, 2 shirts, 2 pair of leather breeches,&c. the goods of the said john crofts. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted them. john white of the parish aforesaid, was a second time indicted for breaking the house of eleanor thompson, on the 27th of march last in the night-time, and taking thence a stuff gown and petticoat, 2 silk petticoats, a pair of stays, 7 shirts, 4 table-cloths, 4 napkins, silver spoons,&c. he was a third time indicted by the name of john white, of the tower-liberty, for feloniously stealing a perriwig and 96 yards of worsted stuff, the goods of joseph fawsket, on the 19th of march last. he was a fourth time indicted by the name of john white, of st. dunstan at stepney, for breaking the dwelling house of john putty, and taking thence 12 table-cloths, 4 shifts, 4 suits of head-clothes,&c. on the 5th of january 1716. of all which felonies and burglaries he was accused by isaac de-la-mee, who deposed that himself was an accomplice with the prisoner in them: but for want of better evidence the jury acquitted him. james knapper alias how and mary knapper, of st. dunstan in the west, were indicted for feloniously stealing a trunk, value 2 s. and 5 l. 10 s. in money, the goods and money of ann shaw, in the fleet bridge of ann meers, on the 7th of march last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted them. john griffiths, and ann hardey, of st. dunstan in the east, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing 100 yards of broad-cloth, value 45 l. the goods of daniel javon, in the dwelling-house of the said daniel javon, on the 9th of february last: and ann hardey as accessary in receiving 5 yards, part thereof, knowing them to be stole. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner was his servant by the year; and that he had a great number of broad-cloths brought from blackwell-hall, and when the porters came to take the returns, 2 pieces were missing. the apprentice deposed, that the prisoner was journeyman to his master, and cut cloth there several times, viz-5 yards on the 27th of june, 30 yards on the 25th of september, and 30 yards on the 9th of february; and that he gave hardey a bundle, which were remnants of cloth, and not a frock. another deposed, that he bought 7 remnants of the prisoner for half a crown a remnant, 9 months ago. another deposed, that the prisoner offer'd to sell him a remnant of blue cloth. another deposed, that the prisoner and mr. hardey falling out, the prisoner told him, that hardey was an over-reaching fellow, owed him 27 s. for cloth he had bought of him, and that he would give but one third of the value. the prisoner griffiths in his defence said, that hardey's husband had made him a frock and sent her for it to alter, which was the bundle he gave her; denyed what the apprentice swore about cutting of cloth; and as to selling of cloth, he said he was employed by several persons so to do: but could not prove it. the evidence not being sufficient against hardey, the jury acquitted her, and found griffiths guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. jane chambers, alias wilson, of st. botolph without aldersgate, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver tankard value 8 l. 15 s. in the dwelling house of charles kemp, the goods of the said charles kemp, on the 16th of march last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. joseph eglington of st. peters cornhill, was indicted for privately stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. from the person of james glover, on the 25th of march last. the prosecutor deposed that he met the prisoner, who star'd him full in the face, which the more surprised him because he had a charge about him; that he felt in his pocket and mist his handker-chief; and charging the prisoner with it, he saw him drop it out of his hand. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john barter, was indicted for a trespass in endeavouring to break open the house of john allen, with an intent to steal. the prosecutor deposed that hearing a noise on the 24th of march last about 4 a clock in the morning, he rose, and found 2 iron bars of the cellar window removed, a third bent in order to break, and the prisoner stooping down, and so close to them, that he could not tell whether his hands touched them, or not. the prisoner denied the fact, saying he only staid to make water. the jury considering the matter acquitted him. william winn of st. olave's hart-street, was indicted for privately stealing 3 yards and half of broad cloth, out of the house of nicholas french, on the 17th of april last. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner lodged in his house stole the goods out of his cutting-room, and told him where he had sold them, which he found accordingly. another confirm'd the same. the cloth was produc'd in court and swore to by the prosecutor; and mr. baker deposed that he bought it of the prisoner. the prisoner in his defence said, that the prosecutor owed him money, and therefore he took the cloth. but that excuse not being sufficient, the jury found him guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. transportation. ann dean was indicted for a misdemeanour, in cursing the king and drinking the pretender's health. but it appearing to be a malicious prosecution, the jury acquitted her. ann smith of st. brides, was indicted for feloniously stealing a callicoe gown and petticoat, a quilted silk petticoat, 3 suits of headclothes, a riding-hood, and other goods, in all to the value of 5 l. in the dwelling house of mary hughes, on the 11th of march last. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner had been her lodger, that she lost the goods mentioned in the indictment, that the ridding-hood in particular was found with the prisoner in a brandy-shop, and that she confest it before the justice. the finding of the ridding-hood with her, and her confessing it before the justice was confirm'd by other evidences. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john ridge of st. sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing a black mare, value 6 l. the property of william gatford, on the 15th of april last. the prosecutor deposed that he lost his mare out of boney in sussex on the 14th, and found her at mr. upton's in smithfield. mr. upton deposed that the prisoner brought her into smithfield on the 15th, and set a boy upon her to sell her; that he sold her to mr. yates, who gave a shilling earnest for her; but the prisoner not being able to produce vouchers at the toll-book, the mare remained there till the prosecutor came and own'd her. the prisoner pleaded that he had her of the prosecutor's wife, but could not prove it. the jury found him guilty. death. sarah garret and jeremiah garret, of st. ethelburga, were indicted for feloniously stealing 52 handkerchiefs, value 20 s. the goods of persons unknown, on the 7th of march last. but the evidence not being sufficient the jury acquitted them. william deer, of st. botolph without aldgate, was indicted for assaulting samuel prigg on the high way, on the 13th of march last, putting him in fear, and taking from him a drugget coat value 6 s. and a silver lac'd hat value 4 s. the goods of the said samuel prigg. but no evidence appearing against him the jury acquitted him. timothy cary, was indicted for a misdemeanour, in forging a pass for safe conduct for two mariners to go to cumberland and westmoreland, and setting the name of thomas johnstone, justice of peace for middlesex, to the same. but there being several variances between the pass and the indictment, the jury acquitted him. ruth howard, of alhallows lombard-street, was indicted for privately stealing a dimond stone value 25 l. from the person of john de rost, on the 18th of april. the prosecutor deposed that he met with the prisoner near the monument, who lookt as if she was frighted and had fallen to the ground, and there being a cart close by, he thought the might have received some hurt, wherefore he offer'd her a glass of wine to comfort her; that they went to the ship tavern together, and he called for a pint of red; that he call'd for the reckoning, which the drawer said was 21 d. that putting his hand in one of his pockets he found but one shilling and some halfpence, then feeling in another he pull'd out half a guinea and the diamond, which he shewed to the drawer, who gave it to him again; that then the prisoner had it, and he saw her take it out of the paper. the drawer, deposed, that the prosecutor gave him a paper and bid him feel, which he did, but did not open it; that he gave it to the prisoner to feel, and bid her not open it, but she did open it against his will, and said there was nothing in it; that he felt something in it, when he had it in his hand, about the bigness of a pea: that they lookt all about but could not find it. the prisoner in her defence said, that the prosecutor knew her and her husband, and that meeting her, clapt his arms round her and said she should drink with him; that they had some wine and a pidgeon pye, and among other discourse, he told her how unfortunate he had been in picking up girls for though he had allowed them 2 guineas a week, yet they abused him: that he offer'd to allow her a guinea and half a week to leave her husband and live with him: she acknowledged that the prosecutor did give her the paper, but as she was going to open it be snatch it from her against, and the diamond might be lost so, for she neither saw nor felt it in the paper. the jury considering the whole matter acquitted her. john kein of st. michael in wood-street, was indicted for the murder of sarah kein his wife, by giving her a mortal wound with a knife in her throat of the length of 6 inches, and the depth of 1 inch on the 23d of march last; of which she languished till the 28th following, and then died. he was indicted a second time on the coroners inquest for the same. richard bull deposed, that the deceased came to the compter-gate about 4 or 5 a clock the day aforesaid, and abused the prisoner, who put his hand thro' and held her with violence; and desired him to let her in, for fear she should occasion more actions to be brought against him, and keep him there his life-time; whereupon he let her in, and they were drinking together in the cellar till about eight, when he told the prisoner that it was late, and he must lock him up; that he saw the prisoner bloody, and the deceased lying in her gore on the ground, who when her wounds were drest came to her speech, and said, the prisoner had done it: that the next morning they found the prisoner's knife bloody in a back yard, which the ward the prisoner lay in look'd into: his hands and apron were bloody. a woman who was prisoner there at the same time deposed, that the deceased desired her to drink with her, which she did; that the prisoner and the deceased were at variance, and he would not drink with her at first, but afterwards did, and kist her and ask'd her to go up; but she perswaded her not to go for fear he should beat her; that when the bell rung for clearing the house they went up. another deposed that the deceased gave the prisoner provoking language, and spit at him, but were seemingly friends afterwards and kist; that the fact was committed by to cistern at the top of the drinking cellar, which was some distance from the ward where the prisoner lay. the surgeon deposid that he saw the wound and believes it mortal, that her jugular vein was cut through, and her pipe half through; that there was a stab two inches deep behind her ear, and several other wounds. the prisoner in his defence said, that the deceased took his knife out of his pocket, and swore that she would be reveng'd on him or her self before they parted, and believ'd she did it her self; but being examined as to circumstances, own'd that having wrested the knife out of her hand, he did give her the wounds; he pleaded also that he was lunatick at some times. the jury found him guilty of both indictments. death. hannah long of chelsea, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver spoon value 10 s. the goods of col. thomas chidley on the 20th of april. mary chapman deposed that the prisoner chared in her master's house when the spoon was lost, and being taken up and had before a justice, she confest, that she took it: her confessionon was read in court, and she having nothing to say for her self, the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john clare of st. leonard shoreditch was indicted for privately stealing a silk handkerchief value 2 s. 6 d. from the person of richard storey, on the 27th of march last. the prosecutor deposed that being at stepney church he felt his handkerchief sliding out of his pocket, whereupon he caught hold of the prisoner's hand and found it therein. the prisoner said another dropt it on the ground and he took it up: but the jury not believing him, found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. elizabeth evans of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing two china window curtains, value 10 s. the goods of peter skawford on the 23d of april. the prosecutor deposed that he lost his goods. one of his servants deposed that as he was sitting in his master's fore-room he heard a noise. whereupon he got up and follow'd the prisoner out of doors, and seeing her sling the goods down, brought her back again. the goods were produc'd in court and swore to. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. ann andrews of st. botolph without aldgate was indicted for privately stealing a brass box and 15s. in money, the goods and money of richard hilton, from the person of mary hilton: mary hilton deposed, that while her brother was fighting with another man, the prisoner thrust her hand into her pocket, and took out the box and money mentioned in the indictment. mr. allen deposed, that he went with the prosecutor to take up the prisoner, who gave him the box, and said she had fetcht her clothes out of pawn with the money that was in it. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. william jones, alias charles cammel, of st. mary white-chapel was indicted for assaulting hester pepper on the high-way, putting her in fear, and taking from her a pocket, 2 snuff-boxes, 3 handkerchiefs, 2 pen knives and 1 s. 6 d. in money, the goods and money of the said hester pepper, on the 21st of april last. the prosecutor deposed that going along red-lyon-street in goodmans fields, the prisoner threw her down, tore off her pocket and ran away; that she followed him and saw him give it to two others that were with him; that she took hold of him, saying he was the man that had robb'd her; that he denied it and ran away, but she followed him cross the way and got hold of him again by his sleeve; that he got away a second time, but left the cuff of his sleeve with her, which was torn off in the scuffle; that upon her crying out, he was taken and carry'd before a justice, where the cuff was produc'd and agreed with his coat. another deposed that he hearing the cry of stop thief, saw the prisoner come running with others behind him, took him, found the prosecutor with the cuff of his sleeve, and that he offer'd to make satisfaction. mr. scales deposed that as he carried him to newgate, when he came pretty near, several in the street call'd to him saying, ha! charles, what are you going again? and that he advised him to tell of the other two, and save himself; to which he replied, would you have me to hang others for what i did? the prisoner on his tryal owned the prosecutor tore his sleeve off; and pleaded that he ran to catch the persons who had robb'd her. the jury found him guilty of the indictment. death. edward hale, of enfield, was indicted for feloniously stealing a black horse value 9 l. the property of samuel turle, on the 19th of march last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. winifred smith, alias ophelia smith, of st. clements danes was indicted for feloniously stealing two pound of thread value 3 s. the goods of william darby, on the 19th of march last. mrs. darby deposed that the prisoner came into their shop and cheapen'd thread, tape,&c. and while she was busy, took the thread mention'd in the indictment, but being charg'd closely with it, though she denied it at first, yet owned it afterwards, and gave it to her from under her petticoat. a neighbour deposed that mrs. darby sent for him into her shop; and that he saw the prisner after sometime, deliver the goods to her. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. ann chapman, of st. mary white chapel, was indicted feloniously stealing 2 gold rings value 12 s. 3 guineas and 9 s. in money, the goods and money of william law, in the dwelling. house of- milton, on the 19th of april. the prosecutor deposed, that he left his money and rings in his breeches pocket in the morning, and mist them in the evening, that she went from her mistress that day, who went with him the next to seek after her, when they found her landing at st. katharines, with the rings on her finger, and that her brother return'd him half a guinea. mrs. milton confirmed their going after her and finding the rings, the constable deposed that when he apprehended her she said she had given her brother 3 guineas and spent the rest, and that the two rings and half a guinea were return'd. the prisoner denied that she took the money, and said that when she went to make his bed the 2 rings and half guinea dropt out of his pocket, which she took up and put into her own. the jury considering the whole matter, found her guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. transportation. william page, of st. james at clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a black mare value 6 l. the goods of john gray, on the 13th of march last. the prosecutor deposed that her lost his mare from the grounds at eriss in huntingtonshire on the 22nd of december last at night, and found her on john rawlinson. john rawlinson deposed, that he bought her of the prisoner in long-lane. the prisoner in his defence said, that he bought her of a little black fellow in his own hair at the three colts in finsbury: but could not prove it. he was a second time indicted for feloniously stealing a brown mare, the goods of thomas jolly, on the 14th of april last. the prosecutor deposed that he lost his mare from upwell in norfolk, and found her on mr. king in norfolk. mr. jenkins deposed, that he bought the mare of the prisoner, and sold her to mr. king. the prisoner in his defence said, that he bought her of jack hardwick in huntington, but produced none to prove it. the jury found him guilty, of both indictments. death. thomas beesley of st. james's westminister; was indicted for committing a rape on the body of mary tennet, a girl of 10 years and 4 months old, on the 12th of march last. hannah flatt deposed, that the girl told her the prisoner had done her the wrong complained of. the midwife deposed, that she being sent for, examin'd the child, and found her very much abused, that there had been violence and a penetration; that the child was swell'd to a very great degree, and had a run upon her. edmund james deposed, that the prisoner the night he was taken up own'd to him, that he had lain with her when he was drunk. the prisoner said, that he knew nothing of the matter. the girl being ask'd whether she knew what an oath was, answer'd she did not: and said, that the prisoner black'd shoes about crown and sceptre court; that he stopt her mouth with a handkerchief or cloth; that she was with him twice within 2 or 3 days of each other, and he served her so both times; that she did not discover it till after the second time; and then did because she was sore. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted him. martha smallman and susannah jones, of st. giles in the fields, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing 2 pockets, 5 keys, 6 guineas, 4 l. in money, a damask napkin,&c. out of the house of james williamson, on the 1st of april last: and susannah jones for receiving a damask napkin and 7 s. part of the said money and goods, knowing them to be stole. the prosecutor deposed, that coming home about 5 a clock he mist a nest of drawers out of his bar, and found them thrown down the house of office, and the bottom broke out; that he took the two pockets 3 guineas, and 15 s. on smallman, who owned it to be his money, and that she took it: that jones owned she had 7 s. of the money and a damask napkin, which she pawn'd, told where, and was found accordingly. smallman own'd it on her tryal; but the evidence not being sufficient against jones, the jury acquitted her, and found smallman guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. martha smallman, was indicted a second time for feloniously stealing 3 gold rings value 3 l. the goods of ann edwards, out of the dwelling-house of james williamson. the prosecutor deposed, that being alone in her room, the prisoner came in, took the rings off the chimney-piece, ran down stairs with them, and she could not overtake her. the jury found her guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. transportation. joseph rose, of st. james westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a hat value 5 s. the goods of john ryley on the 29th of march last. he was a second time indicted for feloniously stealing a hat value 10 s. and a pair of stockings value 4 s. the goods of on the 9th of april. he was a third time indicted for feloniously stealing a hat value 4 s. the goods of the right honourable the, on the 22d of march last. it appeared that the prisoner came to the house and askt for small beer, and while the servant was gone for some he took his hat, and being taken and carried before the justice he confessed it, and the two others, and owned one of them on his tryal; his confession was read in court, and the jury found him guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. each indictment. transportation. mary green, of st. mary white chapel, was indicted for feloniously stealing a gown and petticoat, the goods of george compton, on the 4th of march last. eliz campton deposed, that the prisoner took the goods as they hung at her door, but she hearing her, followed and found them upon her at the next door. the prisoner denied the fact, but had none to her reputation, the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. elizabeth cranbery of twittenham, was indicted for the murder of thomas biggs, by privately putting white arsenick, and other poyson, into a dish of milk porridge, which she knew to be provided for his breakfast, on the 9th of april, of which he was sick from 8 a clock in the morning till 4 in the, afternoon, and then died. she was indicted a second time on the coroners inquest for the same. hannah tudor deposed that on the tuesday before, she going to make the bed where the prisoner and her self lay, found a piece of yellow silk with something tied up in it, which she took to be sugar, but putting it to her tongue found it hot, whereupon she took out a little of it and put into a paper, and tied up the rest again and put it in the window; that the prisoner came into the room, took it out of the window, and carried toward her box; that she shewed what she had reserved in the paper to the deceased and his wife, to see if they knew what it was; that on friday night the prisoner and the deceased(who was her father-in-law) had many words together, insomuch that he threatned to turn her out of doors; and she told him he should not: that on saturday morning while the deceased's wife was feeding of him, he complained there was something in the porridge, and that she told him there was nothing to her knowledge for she clean'd the sauce-pan and boyled it her self, and if there was any thing it must be in the oat-meal; that he eat two or three spoonfuls more, and complained again, whereupon she went and took the spoon out of her mistresses hand. and stirring the milk found something in it, which she said look'd like lime, and his son said it look'd like starch; that stirring it to the bottom she found a great many white specks; that they gave it to the dog, who vomited it up again. that the deceased said, what have you poisened me! i'll search all your boxes. that the prisoner said, he should not search hers, if he did he should pay for it. but he going to break it open with a hammer, she opened it her self; and took out a paper which she said was cinnamon, and then another paper, which she was going to convey away, but the deceased being very intent upon the search, and his head as it were in the box, perceived it and snatch'd it out of her hand, saying,(when he had look'd upon it) this is such as i had in my victuals. he sent his wife to the doctors with it, who order'd her to give him some oil; that he was taken ill presently, and continued vomiting till he died, which was about 4 a clock in the afternoon. mrs. biggs deposed, that she made a saucepan of milk-porridge, as usual, and left her daughter(the prisoner) to look after her nursery while she fed her husband(the deceased) that he complained there was something in his porridge twice,&c. and confirmed what the former evidence had deposed, and added that the deceased said, he hoped he should overcome it because he vomited so much. the paper taken out of her box was produced in court. dr. perkins deposed, that he lookt upon it when it was brought to him, and that it was white arsenick, white vitriol, and bole-armoniac, which is rank poyson; that he opened him, and found him poysoned, his stomach corroded and turn'd black, and other marks of poyson. the prisoner denied the fact. and said that she lived at an apothecary's in the country as a servant, but having agreed with a woman to learn her to wash gloves, she gave her mistress warning; that a woman coming one day for something to wash gloves with, when the dr. had served her he laid the rest down in the window, and she took it in order to make use of it when she came to wash gloves her self. and as to her refusing to have her box search'd, she said that tho' she did at first, yet she open'd it her self presently. the jury considering the whole matter brought her in guilty of both indictments. death. samuel clay, of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver pint pot out of the house of henry cock, on the 26th of april. the prosecutor deposed that he came into his house and ask'd for a gentleman; that he drew him a pint of drink in a silver mug, but missing of it as soon as he was gone, pursued and took him with the mug under his coat. the prisoner owned he took it, but not with a design to steal it, but to bring it back again. the jury found him guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. george palfreman and mary his wife, of st. martins in the fields were indicted for feloniously stealing 4 looking glasses, a blanket, 3 pound of brass,&c. the goods of john macclery, on the 14th of march last. but no evidence appearing against them, they were acquitted. james sands and william hobbs of st. botolph without aldgate, were indicted for breaking the house of richard pidworth, on the 11th of april in the night-time, and taking thence 2 shirts, an apron,&c. the goods of the said richard pidworth. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted them. george davis, alias green, of st. edmund the king, was indicted for feloniously stealing 350 guineas and an half, 30 moidores, and 5 s. in money, the goods and money of elias turner, sir george caswell, and jacob sawbridge esq; in the dwelling house of the said elias turner and company, on the 13th of april last. richard newton deposed that he went to several places to receive several sums of money, and received that mentioned in the indictment, which he put into a drawer in his masters office; with a book of memorandurms; and that the next morning both the money and book were gone. that the tuesday or wednesday following, he saw the book and some money taken out of the dover-bag in the post office. mr. love(the post-master's agent at dover) deposed, that he received orders form the right honourable the lord cornwallis and mr. craigs, to seize the prisoner in his passage to france, which he did accordingly, and took his papers and some money from him; that he sealed up the papers in a cover, and sent them directed to the right honourable the post-master-general. henry marshal deposed, that he put the seal to the book of memorandums, which was found on the prisoner, and produced in court, and swore to be the same that was in the drawer with the money. mr. newton deposed also that the prisoner was a servant, who received money abroad and paid it into the office, but had no trust of it when there. his confession sign'd by himself was read in court; and the prisoner on his tryal owned that he took it. the jury found him guilty of the indictment. death. richard glasford of st. andrews holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a drugget coat, wastcoat and breeches value 40 s. on the 21st of april, the goods of john smith, in the dwelling-house of edward white. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. laurence flower of chelsea; was indicted for feloniously stealing a bay gelding value 35 s. the goods of richard simms, on the 14th of april. the prosecutor deposed, that he lost his horse from oldfield-common near maiden-head, and found him in smithfield with tho watts. tho watts deposed he bought him of the prisoner at chelsea. mr. lovel confirmed the same. the prisoner said he found him on the road. but that excuse did not avail him, the jury found him guilty. death. anthony goddard of st. clements danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver mug value 4 l. 19 s. in the dwelling house of philip and thomas lambert, on the 22d of march last. it appeared that the prisoner and another man went into the fountain tavern in the strand, had wine, veal-cutlets, and small-beer in a silver mug; that they were going away without paying their reckoning; but the drawer looking into the room mist the mug and secur'd the prisoner, who offer'd 5 l. to make up the matter. the prisoner in his defence said he thought the man that was with him(who he said was a stranger) had carry'd the mug to the bar and paid the reckoning. but the jury not believing him, found him guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. laurence waldron of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a drugget coat and wastcoat, and 2 pair of holland sheets, on the 2d of february last. to which indictment he pleaded guilty. transportation. elizabeth walters of st. paul's covent-garden, was indicted for feloniously stealing a poplin gown and petticoat,&c. the goods of sarah curtis. it appeared that the prisoner came to the prosecutor, desiring that she might be there till she could provide her self a lodging, took the goods and went away, but was found in holbourn with the clothes on, which she had wore ever since, and had on at her tryal. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. barbara useley of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for privately stealing half a guinea from the person of bartholomew huggins, on the 13th of march last. the prosecutor deposed, that going up drury-lane between 8 and 9 at night with a friend, they met the prisoner and another woman, who ask'd them to drink; that they went into newtoners-lane together. the prisoner went up stairs with his friend and the other woman and he staid below, that when she came down, she ask'd if he(the prosecutor) was pleased, and was answer'd yes; that he had paid for what he had, and was going, but the prisoner said, come let him have another touch for good-will, and while he was busy with her, he felt her hand in his pocket, got up and mist his money. the prisoner in her defence said, that the prosecutor was on the bed with the other woman with her coats up, and would afterwards have lain with her self, but she refusing him, he charged her with this fact. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted her. william hunt of st. andrews holbourn, was indicted for a felony in marrying two wives, to which indictment he pleaded guilty. burnt in the hand. william deer of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a drugget coat and wastcoat,&c. the goods of john barrimore, but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. zephaniah martin of st. mary in the savoy, was indicted for privately stealing two perriwigs out of the shop of james griffiths on the 7th of april. the fact being plainly prov'd upon him the jury found him guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. transportation. elizabeth cullin, of st. clements danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing a muslin apron, 2 caps, a pair of stockings, a silver spoon, a handkerchief,&c. the goods of ann evans, on the 2d of march last. it appeared that the prisoner was the prosecutor's servant, took the goods, and brought them again; that she confest it before the justice, and could not deny it on her tryal. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation.,of st. mary white chapel, was indicted for stealing a holland shirt, a shift, 2 aprons,&c. the goods of william dyer, on the 1st of april. the fact being fully proved, the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. lewis vain, of paddington, was indicted for feloniously stealing a black mare value 7 l. the goods of joseph baker, on the 1st of december last. the prosecutor deposed that he lost his mare out of the fields near tybourn on the 30th of november, whereupon he advertised it in the news, and had a letter of advice sent him by mr. binks from topsham near exeter; whereupon he rid thither and found her. edward binks deposed, that reading the advertisement at the coffee house, found by the discription,(which was very remarkable) that it must be the same mare the prisner rode upon, who had come a day and half's journey along with him, whereupon he went to the inn and secur'd both mare and prisoner, and sent a letter thereof to mr. baker; and that the prisoner offer'd to sell her several times. the prisoner in his defence said that he bought her in smithfield, but could not prove it. the jury found him guilty. death. thomas weaver of st. martins in the fields was indicted for a trespass in taking 6 pound of lead from the dwelling-house of tho. brown which was fix'd to the freehold. but the evidence not sufficient, the jury acquitted him. mary smith of st. mary white-chapel, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 yards of broad-cloth value 12 s. the goods of charles hadley, on the 30th of march last. it appeared that she took the goods off the tenters in a tenter-ground in goodmans-fields, but being seen by two persons, was taken. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. alice duton of st. ann's westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a fustian-frock and wastcoat, the goods of henry hitchcote, on the 1st of march last. the prosecutor deposed he lost his clothes, and following the prisoner, saw them fall from her. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john white, was indicted for breaking the house of eliz. brooks, and taking thence a stuff gown and petticoat. but no evidence appearing against him, the jury acquitted him. thomas day, of st. brides, was indicted on a statute made in the 5th year of his present majesty king george, for feloniously altering the numbers of two lottery tickets that were drawn blanks, to the numbers of two that were drawn prize s. viz. no. 64590, to 61960, a prize of 500l. and 64592 to 68073. a prize of 100l. on the 30th of december last, with an intention to defraud our sovereign lord the king. mr. odams deposed, that he was appointed one of the receivers of the lottery tickets, and that the tickets mentioned in the indictment, and which he had in his hand, were lottery tickets, but alter'd. mr. jones deposed, that they were lottery tickets cut out of a book he had in court, but that the numbers were alter'd; that he was clerk, and all the books were in his custody, sign'd by the managers. james smith deposed, that the prisoner before christmas last came to his bed side, and told him he was lately married to a gentlewoman of a great fortune, and importun'd him to dispose of a lottery ticket, which was a prize of 100 l. which he did, and had near half the money for himself. that he came to him again with a ticket which he said was a 500 l. prize, and desired him to dispose of it; that he ask'd him how he came by it, and other questions. upon which the prisoner owned that it was indirectly obtain'd, but would not own that it was a false one, and wonder'd that this evidence should suspect it, and ask such question. that he( james smith) wrote a letter to mr. sadler, goldsmith in fleet-street in the name of ann stevenson, a gentlewoman at clavering in essex, and enclosed the said ticket in it, in which letter he desired mr. sadler to dispose of the ticket, and to pay himself out of the money received for it, for such plate as was bespoke in the said letter, and to put the rest of the money in a box with the plate, and to deliver it to one who would call for it such a night, and ask for the box with the coffee-pot. that finding mr. sadler very dilatory, he, at the prisoner's request, wrote two other letters to him; and the prisoner wrote one to mrs. jennings complaining of mr. sadlers usage. mr. sadler deposed he received the three letters and ticket, and that a porter came for the box of plate, but he suspecting roguery, carry'd the ticket to the office at white-hall. as to the other ticket of 100l. james smith deposed that he had seen it before; and that the prisoner had told him that he gave a ticket to a porter to carry to mr. gandy, which he own'd he had alter'd, and that he own'd before the justice they were false; and that he said to him, what good will it do you so see me go in a mourning coach to he hang'd. the justice(who was in court) deposed, that the prisoner, when before him denied that they were false. john hurl the porter deposed, that he received a ticket to carry to mr. gandy, who said, he would go and examine it, and that he believed it to be good; that he was to carry the money to mrs. jordan; but did not know the man he received it of. mrs. jordan deposed, that the porter told her, he was order'd to pay her 100l. but she order'd him to stop the ticket. the prisoner denied the whole matter, and called the constable, who deposed that he took up smith first, and he impeached the prisoner; that when he took the prisoner, he said, oh! is this all? i don't value it; i am innocent; and this will be a means to break off my acquaintance with that smith. he also called several to his reputation. that the numbers of the tickets were alter'd was very plain, and the books that checkt them, and the tickets, were produc'd and compar'd, and deliver'd to the jury, but they not being satisfied with the evidence that had been given, that the prisoner, alter'd them, acquitted him. hannah goodwin of st. katharine coleman, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 linnen sheets and a frying pan, the goods of william weaving. to which indictment she pleaded guilty. transportation. samuel neales of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for assaulting mary becket on the high way, putting her in fear, and taking from her a pocket and 9 guineas, on the 2d of february last. the money of henry becket. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. linch scarriot, of st. brides, was indicted for a misdemeanour in inticing john drake to go away from his master john woodrose, and to robb him. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner workt for him 4 years, and that he losing goods at several times, at last charg'd his apprentice with it, who confess'd the prisoner. john drake deposed, that the prisoner told him he wanted a paper of loops. value 5 s. which he carried to his house, and ask'd for the book to set them down, but he bid him come again, and then refused, saying he would give him 6 d. for them; that he bid him bring him buttons without setting down, which he did, 30 groce at several times; and 3 groce he took off the compter, and 6 pound of burras, which they use to solder with, and gave him a shilling. the prisoner deny'd the fact, and called several to his reputation, who gave him a good character. the jury considering the matter, and it appearing that when he was discovered he fled into holland, they found him guilty of the indictment. margaret delfoise of st. brides, was indicted for privately stealing 2 guineas, 3 half guineas. and a half french pistole, from the person of, on the 20th of april. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquicted her. robert cole, of st. james's westminster, was indicted on the statute of 21 hen. 8. for that he being then a servant to the right honourable the lord viscount cobham, did imbezil a brillant diamond necklace value 1500l. and a brillant diamond pair of ear-rings value 150l. the goods of the said lord viscount cobham, which were deliver'd to him to carry to mr. halsey. the delivery of the jewels to him to carry to mr. halsey was fully proved by celestia rosier and mrs ashurst, and that he carried them to the marquess of winchester's and shewed them there to his porter and mr. meales, saying that he was going to my lady cobham's father with them, appeared by the evidence of john millwood. the prisoner also owned that he received them for that purpose, and pleaded that he delivered them accordingly; to make out which, he call'd and examin'd as follows. mr. halsey being ask'd, deposed, that he brought none of them to him. the lord cobham deposed, that he advised his wife before they went into the country to send her jewels to mr. halsey for safety; that she told him she had; but that he never saw them since. the lady cobham confirmed the same, and deposed that she had not seen them since. mrs. halsey also deposed that she did not see them, and that they were not deliver'd to her. the prisoner said, as a circumstance that he deliver'd them, that his lady sent him next day to her father with a note for 100 l. and that he paid him all in gold except 5 s. and that as he was upon the water coming home with it, he found he wanted a guinea of the sum, whereupon he went back, and found mr. halsey in this compting house, and told him of it, who taking his pen to cast it up, found the mistake, and gave him the guinea; and then he carried the 100 l. home to his lady. but this was contradicted by mr. halsey and my lady in every particular. he also called mary emmerson, his servant, who deposed, that he brought the jewels home, and shewed them to her mistress, saying he was going to carry them to mr. halsey; that he went out about 12 and return'd about 5, and said that he had deliver'd them. that the next day he came home and said he was going for 100 l. that he brought home a great deal of gold, and said afterwards that he had carried it to his lady. he also called eliz. weston, who deposed, that she saw him have a great deal of gold, and that he told her he had it of mr. halsey, and afterwards said, he had given it to his lady, who returned him a shilling for his boat. he also call'd some persons to prove that he was in a very poor condition about that time, and that his goods were seized on about a fortnight after. the jury considering the whole matter, found him guilty of the indictment. transportation. henry hutchinson of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 blankets and 2 brass candlestick, on the 10th of april, to which indictment he pleaded guilty. transportation. rebecca carter of st. mary le-bow, was indicted or feloniously stealing a pair of worsted stockings value 4 s. 6 d. the goods of joseph marriot, on the 24th of february last. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner was his servant 2 months, but missing several small things he suspected her, and when she was gone, his man told him that she had his stockings on; whereupon he went to the feathers-tavern, and sent to tell her that there were two gentlemen wanted to speak with her, and when she came they found his stockings on her legs; that she then said, she had them of a gentlewoman in kent. john powel and the constable confirmed, that she said, she had them of a gentlewoman in kent. the prisoner in her defence said, that john powel gave them to her for lying with her but the prosecutor deposed, that they could not agree together by any means, and that he threatned to kick her down stairs; and also observed, that if he had a mind to present her with a pair of stockings, he had enow at his command that would have been fit to wear, and not to have given her those that were not scower'd but in the grease. to which the prisoner reply'd, that they did not quarrel till afterwards; and that she wore them in the house, and they saw them on her legs, and did not take her up; she also called several to her reputation, who deposed, that they had entrusted her very largely, as with gold watches. rings, plate,&c. to the value of several hundred pounds, and always found her honest. and one who deposed, that the prisoner told him, that she had brought this prosecution on her self by her saucy tongue. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted her. charles powel of st. giles cripplegate, was indicted for breaking the house of john hughes in the day-time, and taking thence a stuff gown and petticoat. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquited him. john jones of st. mary white-chappel, was indicted for feloniously stealing 70 pound of sugar, out of the warehouse of joseph bagnal, esq; but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. nathaniel delamont of st. john at hackney, was indicted for assaulting robert atkinson on the highway, putting him in fear, and taking from him 2 guineas, on the 12th of march last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. william newman of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 coach-seats. the goods of joseph newton, on the 7th of march last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him the tryals being over, the court proceeded to give judgement as followeth; receiv'd sentence of death. 9. george davis alias green, john kein, john ridge, francis frissith, william jones alias charles cammel, william page, elizabeth cranberry, lewis vain and laurence flower. burnt in the hand. 3. william hunt, margaret norris and johanna radwell, the two last formerly convicted. to be transported. 32. james heathcot, alice jones, james wilson, james mercy alias massey, susannah smith, zephaniah martin, jasper andrews, john griffiths, joseph eglington, william winn, ann smith, hannah goadman, hannah long, john clare, elizabeth evans, ann andrews, winifred smith alias ophelia smith, ann chapman, martha smallman, joseph rose, mary green, samuel clay, anthony goddard, elizabeth walters, elizabeth cullin, s- k-, mary smith, alice outon, laurence waldron, h hutchinson, robert cole, and pinfield cook, alias ri smith. advertisements. lately publish'd, the 6th edition with additions of, youth, introduction to trade and business: containing, i. tables of the most usual clerk like contractions of words; a collection of english words, alike in sound, but different in signification, with proper directions how to address to persons of rank, and those in office. ii acquittances and promissory notes diversified and adapted to such circumstances as occur in real business. iii. variety of bills of parcels, and bills on book debts, to enter the learner in the manner and methods of commerce, and to make him ready at computation. iv. bills of exchange, with directions necessary for the right understanding and management of remittances; several orders for goods, letters of credit, invoyces, and other merchant-like examples. v. authentick forms of such law-precedents, as are most frequently to be met with, in course of traffick. vi. a collection of questions, to exemplify the common rules of arithmetick, and to reduce them to practice. for the use of schools. done upon the plan of the late col. ayre's essay, by m. clare, school master in soho square, london. with whom youth may board and be fitted for business. price 2 s. printed for ed symon, at the corner of pope's-head-alley in cornhill. some books printed for and sold by edward parker at the bible and crown in lombard street, near stocks market. the london new method and art of teaching children to spell and read; so as they may, without the help of any other books, read the bible in less than twelve months. note, this way of teaching is approved by most school masters as the best. price bound 6 d. with great allowance to those who sell or give them away. note, there are some printed on fine paper, bound up with cuts. pr. 8 d. for the compleating of psalmody. the devout singer's guide; containing all the common tunes now in use, with select portions of the psalms adapted to each tune, and rules for singing treble and bass. to which is added, a table shewing at one view what psalms and hymns are proper to each tune both in the old version of mr.hopkins and mr. sternhold, and in the new version of dr. brady and mr. yate. and directions for parish clerks in the choice of proper psalms on most occasions. b s. shenton; and recommended by p. joynson, d. warner, and other singing masters. the fourth edition; to which is added five tunes, containing their cansus, medius and bassus, not in the former editions, price bound 1 s. aesop's fables, with morals and reflections, as improv'd by sir roger l'estrange, done into variety of english verse. illustrated with cuts curiously engrav'd on copper plates. very useful to divert and instruct young gentlemen and ladies in the conduct of human life. the fourth edition. price bound 2 s. 6 d. arithmetick made easie, according to the new method now taught and practis'd in london. where in the rules of that necessary art are briefly explain'd, and illustrated with such familliar examples as may suit the meanest capacity, if they desire to learn it. to which is added a succinct treatise of decimal fractions, with compleat tables, rules, and examples demonstrating the same. the like not extant in any other treatise of this nature. the fourth edition. by john copeland, writing-master. price bound 1 s. maximum in minimo; or. mr. jeremiah rich's pens dexterity compleated. being the plainest and easiest method of writing short-hand. to which are added. the terms of the law compleat in characters at length, being of great use to all lawyers and others who take tryals at large in courts. never done till now. by samuel botley. the whole curiously engrav'd on thirty copper-plates, pr. 1 s. 6d. a guide to english juries; setting forth their antiquity, power and duty, from the common law and statutes. with a table. by a person of quality. also a letter to the author upon the same subject. price 1 s. orders, by laws, and ordinances for the good government and regulating of the persons licensed to keep and drive hackney-coaches, and their renters and drivers. made, publish'd and declar'd by the commissioners; and allowed and approved by the lord chancellor and judges as the law directs. price 3 d. a water that perfectly cures the itch, or any itching humour in a few days, without necessity of purging, or the dangerous use of mercury, price 1 s. 6 d. is only prepared and sold by a downing chymist, at the crown and ball in george court in st. john's lane by hick's hall near west smithfield. where also may be had, the best spirits of scurvy-grass, by wholesale or retale at 8 d. a bot-tle. a most effectual remedy for the violent pain in the teeth, price 1 s. also a most excellent remedy for preserving the teeth and clearing them from the scurvey, price 2 s."	11302
"OBC2-17200602"	"THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, AND Oyer and Terminer, and Goal-Delivery of Newgate, held for the CITY of London, and COUNTY of Middlesex, at Justice-Hall in the Old Bayly, ON Thursday and Friday, being the 2d and 3d of this Instant June, 1720. In the Sixth Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. BEFORE the Right Honourable Sir GEORGE THOROLD, Kt. and Baronet, Lord Mayor of the City of London; the Lord Chief Justice King, Mr. Justice Ayres, Mr. Baron Mountague, John Raby, Esq; Deputy Recorder; and several of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, and Country of Middlesex. The Jurors Names were as followeth: London Jury, John Bradford, Thomas Parr, William Sambrook, Thomas King, Samuel Sheaf, Samuel Gourd, John Shelley, James Pitman, Thomas Clarke, Robert Street, Thomas Hughes, Samuel Hamphreys. Middlesex Jury, Benjamin Jackman, Richard Bird, John Walkingame, John Hirons, Abraham Browne, Thomas Smith, Joseph Wedgeborough, Edward Saul, James Harrison, William Sudbury, William Harrison, Thomas Mills. William Cullum, was indicted for a Misdemeanour, in Attempting to Fire the Dwelling House of Richard Wallis, by putting a lighted Candle to a Basket of Wooden Chips, on the 2d of May last. The Prosecutor(who keeps the Nags Head Alehouse in Nags Head Court in Grace-Church Street) deposed, that the Night aforesaid his Wife and Children having been gone to Bed about an Hour before, and none up in the House but the Prisoner and himself, he bid him draw him a little Beer, and while he was gone for it the Watchman knock at the Door for a Pipe, who spying a Light in the Cellar through the Cracks in the Floor, told him(the Prosecutor) of it; whereupon he went down and found a piece of Candle lighted put to the Chips in the Basket, which had set them on Fire, but it being just done he put it out with a Pint of Water; that the Prisoner had no occasion to go by or near the Basket of Chips for the Drink. The Watchman confirm'd the former Evidence, and the Prisoner's Confession before the Justice was read in Court, wherein he owned the Fact, and said that three Men advised him to do it, and gave him three Guineas. The Prisoner upon his Tryal said he knew nothing of the matter, and that he confest it before the Justice for fear of being Whipt. But the Jury not believing him, found him Guilty. Fined 40 s. and to suffer One Month's Imprisonment. Thomas Jones, of St. Brides, was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief value 1 s 6 d. from the Person of Samuel Illidge, on the 14th of May Last. The Prosecutor deposed, that coming over Fleet-Bridge he lost his Handkerchief, and found it immediately on the Prisoner, who took it out of his Bosom and threw it on the Ground. The Jury found him Guilty to the Value of 10 d. To be Whipt. James Shaw, of St. Christopher's, was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief value 2 s. from the Person of Samuel Sills, on the 29th of April last; but the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Mary Jenkins, of St. Botolph without Aldgate, was indicted for breaking the House of Sarah Douglass in the Day-time on the 22d of May last, and feloniously stealing thence 18 Guineas and 40 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of the said Sarah Douglass. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Elizabeth Stretch of St. Katharine Creed-Church, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 s 6 d. out of the Shop of George Streight on the 25th of May last. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost half a Crown. Another deposed that he saw the Prisoner(who lived next Door to the Prosecutor) take the Money from off the Compter. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that she took it to go after a Coachman(who came in for some Gin) to change it for a Queen Ann's half Crown, at the Request of the Prosecutor's Daughter. The Jury considering the matter Acquitted her. Mary Higgins, of St. Mildred in the Poultry, was indicted for privately stealing a Silver Taster value 14s. in the shop of William Kendal on the 14th of May last. It appeared that the Prisoner came into the Prosecutor's Shop for some Pickled Cucumbers, and took the Taster and went away with it; but being follow'd, was taken with it upon her. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Gambol, of Alhallows Barkin, was indicted for breaking the House of Gabriel Whitacre, on the 23d of December last in the Night-time, and feloniously stealing thence a Leather Trunk, a pair of Sheets, 5 Guineas, 3 l. in Money,&c. the Goods and Money of the said Gabriel Whitacre. The Evidence for the King deposed that the Prosecutor's Lock of his Closet Door was broke off and his Trunk taken away; that there were in the Trunk several Lottery Tickets, one of them a Prize of 10 l. a Note for 100 l. a Sword-Blade-Bond for 100 l. and other things besides those mention'd in the Indictment; that some of the Writings were found on the Custom-house Key, and that he had his Note and Bond again, but not the Ticket of 10 l. Prize: That the Prisoner was his Journeyman, but had been gone from him about a Fortnight, and that the Prosecutor's Brother telling him he met the Prisoner the Night aforesaid, within 30 Yards of his House, he enquired after him and followed him to Rochester, where the Man of the House he went to, told him he had been there, but was gone; and that he(the Prisoner) offer'd to sell him a 10 l. Prize, but he could not tell the Number of the Ticket, that the next Morning he follow'd him to East-Malling, and took him out of his Bed, that he owned he shewed the Ticket at Rochester, and offer'd him a Bond for the Money, and produced some small pieces of Paper saying that was the Ticket, but it was tore so very small that he could not tell the Letters; that he owned he left the Trunk on the Custom-house Keys, and said the Sheets were left at a Cooks; but going there to enquire for them, the Cook declared that he had left nothing there. The Prisoner denied the whole Matter, and in his Defence said, that he workt for the Prosecutor Six Weeks, lay in the House, and had Opportunities enough to have robb'd him, but that he never wrong'd him of any thing; that the Prosecutor used to leave his Door open for his Brother to come in at late Hours, and sometimes a Candle for him in the Entry, so that any Body might come in and rob him. The Jury considering the whole matter, Acquitted him. Charles Cauthorn, of St. Mary Hill, was indicted for feloniously stealing 12 pound Weight of Tobacco value 4 s. the Goods of Jeffry Adamson, on the 15th of May last. The Prosecutor deposed that he keeps a Publick House, and the Tobacco was in a Box in his Cellar made up in Penny Papers for his Customers, with the Tobacconist's Name,&c.(who was his Neighbour) on the Papers, and that he lost it out of his Cellar, and 3 Bottles of Wine, some Brandy,&c. at the same time. The Constable deposed that as he was on his Watch the Prisoner came by with a Box of Tobacco, and he ask'd him where he had it, and the Prisoner reply'd he bought it in London, afterwards he said at Limehouse; that the Tobacco being very loose in the Box, as if it had been put out of Papers, he put his Hand into the Box, and at the Bottom of it found a Paper unopen'd, by which he found out the Prosecutor. The Box and Paper of Tobacco were produc'd in Court and swore to by the Prosecutor; that the Prisoner offer'd to impeach two more if he would give him a Bond of 20 l. not to prosecute him. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Mary Bedford and Elizabeth Strawbridge, of St. Stephen Coleman-Street, were indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Spoon value 10 s. the Goods of Mary Meakins, on the 5th of May last. William Adams deposed that the Prisoners were drinking up Stairs at the Star Tavern in Coleman-Street with a Gentleman, and had the Spoon for their use; that they appointed one Mr. Collier who was drinking below Stairs, to meet them at another Place; that when they were gone the Spoon was mist, whereupon he askt Mr. Collier where they were gone, who told him to the Kings-Arms-Inn in Leaden-Hall-Street, and went thither along with him, where they found them, and had them to the Watch-house, and that the Spoon was found under the Bench which Elizabeth Strawbridge sat on. The Constable confirmed the finding the Spoon in the Watch-house. The Prisoners denied their taking the Spoon, or that they knew any thing of it, and said that the Man who was with them might put it there, whom they let get away. The Jury considering the whole matter, Acquitted them. John Smith alis Wilson, of St. Dunstan in the East, was indicted for feloniously stealing an Iron Padlock, value 2 s. 6 d. the Goods of Richard Grew, on the 7th of May last. Robert Nicholson deposed that as he was going to work about 3 a Clock in the Morning the Day aforesaid, he saw the Prisoner and another Man on St. Dunstan's-Hill, who parted, that he follow'd the other Man, who had a Bag on his Shoulder, and the Prisoner went the other Way; that this Evidence went to the Tackle House, and coming back to Mincing Lane saw Mr. Grew's Vault Door pusht open, and the Prisoner come out of it. Mr. Grew's Servant deposed, that he saw the Door safe at 11 at Night, and that the former Evidence called him up at 3 in the Morning, when the Padlock was gone, and that the Prisoner being ask'd for it, said, the Person who was with him in the Lane had it. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and said that he has a Wife in St. Thomas's Hospital, and a Child at Nurse in Southwark, and that going along they seized him, and ask'd him for the Lock, and what was become of the Man that was with him; to which he reply'd he had no Body with him, nor knew nothing of the Lock; and that if they had lost one, the Man whom they talkt of might have it. The Jury acquitted him. William Cox of St. Michael at Queenhith was indicted for feloniously stealing a Nest of Drawers value 2 s. and 6 Knives and Forks value 4 s. the Goods of a Person unknown, on the 16th of May last. It appeared that the Prisoner was a Waterman's Boy, and took the Goods out of the Boat of Robert Walker, who judging there were some Marbles in the Drawers by the Noise of their rowling, and seeing the Prisoner at play with some the next Day, took him up, when he owned the Fact, and delivered him the Drawers again, saying he opened them with his Stretcher. The Prisoner did not deny it on his Tryal. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. To be Whipt. John Bayley, was indicted for an Assault, to which Indictment he pleaded Guilty. Fined 13 s. and 4 d. John Lewis, of the Liberty of the Old Artillery Ground, was indicted for assaulting Mary Baldwin on the High Way, putting her in fear, and taking from her a Canvas Pocket, value 6 d. a Pocket-Book, value 12 d. and 2 s. 3 d. in Money, on the 6th of May last. The Prosecutor deposed, that about 9 a Clock the Night aforesaid she was thrown down, and her Pocket, Pocket-Book and Money taken from her; that in her Pocket-Book there was a Note of 31 l. 5 s. and to the best of her Knowledge, the Prisoner was the Man that committed the Fact. Richard Hotchet deposed that he saw the Prisoner run from the Prosecutor, who cry'd out stop Thief, and stopt him; and that he saw him drop the Pocket. Mr. Hall deposed that he hearing the cry of stop Thief, took hold of the Prisoner, who was stopt by the former Evidence; that he saw the Prisoner drop the Pocket, that the Prisoner stuck him in the Breast with a Penknife because he would not let him go; that he aimed at his Throat afterwards, but missing it gave him a large Wound in his Cheek, both which Wounds appeared in Court; and that there were two Pick Lock Keys found on him. Thomas Stedman deposed that he saw the Pick Lock Keys, saw the Prisoner wound Hall with a Pen-knife; and that he wounded this Evidence in the Arm with the same, which Wound not being well yet, he shewed in Court. Edward Brown deposed that he going by saw the Prosecutor down, saw the Keys, and that himself was wounded by the Prisoner under the Arm. The Pocket, which was swore to by the Prosecutor to be hers, and by several to be the same the Prisoner dropt, and the Pick Lock Keys were produc'd in Court. The Prisner deny'd all, saying they wounded one another and call'd two Persons to his Reputation; but they gave him an ill Character. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. John Morgan, of St. Pancras, was indicted for Assaulting Thomas Turner on the High Way, putting-him in Fear, and taking from him 3 s. on the 28th of September last. He was a second time indicted by the Name of John Morgan of St. Margarets Westminster, for Assaulting a Person unknown on the High Way, putting him in fear, and taking from him 10 s. in Money, on the 1st of December last. Of both which Facts he was Accused by John Whinship, who deposed that himself was an Accomplice with the Prisoner in them: But for want of better Evidence the Jury Acquitted him. Joseph Birch, of St. Clements Danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Perriwig value 6 d. and a Drugget Coat value 3 s. the Goods of Richard Rowland, on the 2d of May last. But the Evidence not affecting the Prisoner, the Jury Acquitted him. James Smith, of St. Margarets Westminster, was indicted for the Murder of Mongo Campbell on the 5th of April last, by giving him a Mortal Wound with a drawn Sword under the Right Pap, of the breadth of a quarter of an Inch, and the depth of 5 Inches, of which he Instantly died. He was indicted a second time on the Coroner's Inquest for the same. Mary Robinson deposed, that between 5 and 6 in the Morning she heard a knocking very hard at Mrs. Pitman's Door in Manchester Court in Channel Row Westminster, and thinking it to be at their own Door, she got up, and saw the Deceased come out of Mrs. Pitman's House with his naked Sword in his Hand, and the Prisoner follow him, buttoning his Coat, with his Sword by his side in the Scabbard; that as soon as the Prisoner was off the Steps the Deceased pusht at him with his Sword, whereupon the Prisoner said, Do you call me out of my Bed to Murder me? That when they were got about three Doors further the Deceased pusht at him again, and wounded him in the Left Hand; that then the Prisoner drew, and the Deceased received the aforesaid Wound. That the Prisoner could not retreat, the Rails being behind him, and the Deceased before him. Eleanor Read deposed, that the Deceased knockr at Mrs. Pitman's Door(where the Prisoner lodged) and she went down and opened it; that he ask'd for the Prisoner, and she went up and told him; that the Prisoner spoke very civilly to him, and she left them in the Dining Room together. Another Evidence deposed, that as he was going home the Night before this unhappy Accident, he met the Deceased, and went with him to a House where they had some hot Pots, and staid till Morning, that he would have persuaded the Deceased to go home, but could not; that as they went along Channel Row, the Deceased said he would go to the upper end of the Court to Shift himself, and bid him stay there for him; that while he staid, hearing the Clashing of Swords, he went up to part them; that the Deceased was bloody, retreated and sat down on the Steps and died. Robert Cornforth deposed that he met the Deceased and former Evidence, and heard the Deceased say, stay here while I go and call him up; that he went up the Court and knockt very hard. Mary Benson and Eliz- deposed that they heard the Prisoner say, Did you call me out of Bed to Murder me? Mr. Bland the Surgeon deposed, that he found a Wound on the Right Breast of the Deceased 5 Inches deep; that it was Mortal, and the Occasion of his Death. The Prisoner in his Defence said that the Deceased had a Pistol in one Hand which he put into his Pocket; that he was so near the Rails that he could not retreat, and had no other way to defend himself. The Jury found him Guilty of Manslaughter. Burnt in the Hand. Mary Speerman of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for privately stealing 7 Guineas and 25 s. in Money from the Person of William Buxton, on the 14th of October last. The Prosecutor deposed that he lay down on the Bed to sleep, and that the Prisoner(a Girl) lay in another Bed in the same Room; that when he lay down he had the Guineas together in a Paper in one Pocket, and the Silver loose in another Pocket, and when he rose both were gone: That he found the Prisoner next Day at Mr. Ogden's at the Crown in Southwark, who confest that she had taken it, and gave Mr. Ogden 5 Guineas and Half a Crown, and had spent 2. Guineas that Night; that Mr. Ogden return'd him 3 s. 3 d. and his Wife 6 s. 4 d. of his Money again, the rest was spent on Clothes,&c. Elizabeth Simmons deposed that the Prisoner came into Mr. Ogden's House, and pull'd out Half a Crown, then 5 Guineas, and gave them to Mr. Ogden to put up; that he scrupeling them, she said they were good, and where she had them she could have more. The Prosecutor's Daughter deposed, that she went to Mr. Ogden's with her Father, and confirmed his Evidence, adding that the Prisoner refused to go before a Justice without a Constable; and that she owned she had robb'd her Father. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that she found the Gold and the Silver together in a Paper on the Ground by the Bed-side. But the Jury not believing her, found her Guilty. Death. Sarah Powel of Isleworth, was indicted for feloniously stealing Half a Guinea and 2 s. and 6 d. the Goods and Money of James Hall, on the 30th of May last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Elizabeth Alexander, Ann Alexander, and Mary Alexander, of St. James Westminster, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing 14 pair of Worsted Stockings, a pair of Silk Stockings, two Holland Shirts, 3 pair of Gloves, 5 Wax Candles,&c. the Goods of Philip Messervy, on the 29th of May last; and Ann and Mary as Accessory in receiving the same, knowing them to be stole. The Prosecutor deposed that he going up to his Trunk, found it broke open, and several of his Goods gone, particularly those mentioned in the Indictment, which were in the Trunk that was broke open, and two others in the same Room; that the Prisoner being charg'd with it the next Morning owned the Fact, and a Key was found in her Pocket that would open the two Trunks which were not broke. R. Howard confirmed her confessing the Fact, and the several places where she had disposed of them. The Prisoner Elizabeth in her Defence said, that she was bound Apprentice to R Howard to Matt Chairs, and turn'd off to his Brother-in-Law, that she was hard used and took them for want. There being no Evidence to fix any thing on Ann and Mary Alexander, the Jury Acquitted them; and found Elizabeth Alexander Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Peter Cartwright, of St. James at Clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing 3 ounces and a quarter of Silver Plate value 30 s. the Goods of Edward Hurdsman, out of the House of Walter Wood, on the 30th of May last. Mr. Wood deposed that he was entrusted with the Goods to Spin on Silk for Mr. Hurdsman, in order to make Lace, and lockt them up in a Drawer under the Dresser, and found some of them at the three Kings in Newgate Street, where they were stopt: That the Prisoner(who workt for him) confest before the Justice that he took them off the Dresser, but refused to sign his Examination. The Prisoner denied the Fact: and the Person who stopt the Goods not appearing to fix it upon him, the Jury acquitted him. Elizabeth Hall, of St. Giles's in the Fields, was indicted on the Statute of the 3d. and 4th, of King William and Queen Mary,(entituled An Act to take away the Benefit of the Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment.) for feloniously stealing a pair of Linnen Sheets value 14 s. in the Dwelling House of James Hornsby, and also for feloniously stealing a Petticoat value 2 s. a Handkerchief value 1 s. a Silver Spoon value 5 s. the Goods of the said James Hornsby on the 31st, of May last. The Prosecutor deposed that he let the Prisoner a Lodging for 1 s. per Week, and after she had been there 7 Weeks, he suspecting her, asked her for the Key of the Room; which she refusing to deliver, he opened the Door and mist the Sheets out of her Lodging, and the other Goods out of his House, and charging her with it, she confess'd where she had pawn'd them; and they were found accordingly. Elizabeth Saul deposed, that she lent the Prisoner 4 s. on the Spoon, and 3 s. 6 d. on the Sheets. The Prisoner did not deny it on her Tryal. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 4 s. and 10 d. Transportation. John Wilson of St. Dunstan in the West, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Leg of Veal value 6 s. the Goods of Joseph Foulk, on the 26th of May last. It appeared that the Prisoner took the Leg of Veal out of the Prosecutor's Larder and ran away with it, but it was immediately mist, and one who was passing by seeing the Prisoner run along with it at Arms length, and hearing the cry of stop Thief, followed him, saw him drop it, ran after and seized him and brought him back. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. To be Whipt. Lewis Golston, of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 4 Shillings and 5 Pence 3 Farthings in Money number'd, the Money of Richard Gladman, on the 15th of May last. The Prosecutor deposed that he kept Halfpence and Farthings by him for Change in a Mug in a Corner Cupboard, and finding his Cupboard open and missing his Money, ask'd his Wife if she had taken any out of the Mug, and she saying that she had not, he charged the Prisoner with it, and found a remarkable Halfpenny which he knew, among the rest in his Lap, whereupon the Prisoner confest the Fact. The Constable deposed, that the Prisner owned to him that he took the Money out of the Mug, and desired him to speak to the Prosecutor to be favourable to him. The Prisoner did not deny it on his Trial, but beg'd for Mercy of the Court, promissing never to do so any more The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10d. To be Whipt. John Grey, of St. James Clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Cup value 5 l. in the Dwelling House of John Sharp, on the 15th of May last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner came under a pretence to buy a Penny-worth of Cheese, and he coming from a Neighbour's saw the Prisoner step off the Threshold and found the Cup upon him. Another deposed he saw the Cup taken from the Prisoner. The Prisner in his Defence said that he went to buy some Cheese, and took the Cup off the Compter to draw some Water in; not with an Intent to steal it, but to bring it again. The Jury considering the matter found him Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Ann Maynard and William Price, of St. Giles without Cripplegate, were indicted for feloniously stealing a Canvas Bag value 2 d. 3 Gold Rings value 30 s. a 5 l. piece of Gold, 10 pieces of Silver value 10 s. and 103 Guineas, in the Dwelling House of John Jarvis, on the 24th of May last. The Prosecutor deposed that Maynard was his Servant and had liv'd with him 2 Years, and Price was her Sweet Heart; that he lost the Goods mention'd in the Indictment, and going to Price's Master he search'd and in his House of Office found the Bag and all the Guineas but 17, and his Rings. John Gelder, Price's Master, confirm'd the finding the Bag of Guineas, and the Rings in his House of Office, and farther deposed, that Price lay out all that Night, and when he came in next Day did not go to work, but went out and bought a pair of Silver Buckles; that he went out again and bought Shirts; that he observing him to go often to the Vault, asked him if he ailed any thing, and he answered that he was out of Order with Drinking, and had the Piles. That perceiving him to be very uneasy he asked him what was the matter, and bid him if he had a mind to leave him tell him so: whereupon he said, that he and his Brother had listed themselves for Soldiers, and his Brother's Master had got him off; and he had heard that it was known where himself was, therefore must leave him, for he should be shot to Death if taken. That the Vault was a common Vault in the Yard. Francis Calhorn deposed that he saw the Bag of Guineas taken out of the Vault. John Jarvis deposed that Price used to come lurking about his Uncle's House, and to be often in it; that he has let him in at 3 a Clock in the Morning; that one Night finding his Shoes and Buckles Wet and dirty under the Dresser, he went up, but found the Door which led to the Maid's Chamber lockt, so that he could not get in, and he believes they were then together. The Jury considering the whole matter, and that there was no Proof that the Prisoners took it, or put it there, they Acquitted them. Elizabeth Berry of St. Giles without Cripplegate, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Watch value 20 s. a Gold Ring and a Gold Locket, the Goods of John Tilbury, on the 12th of May last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner had liv'd with him as a Servant 8 Days, that she had a Fellow came after her whom he did not like, that he sent for her to a Tavern, but he did not tell her of it; that she not going, the Vintner came to know the Reason; and he told him that his Maid Servant should not go after Men to Taverns; which the Prisoner hearing was very uneasie, went to her Mistress, and ask'd her where it was; who told her, and withal, that if she went, she should lie there no more: that his Wife found one of her Shifts bundled up in the Prisoner's Apron, afterwards mist the Ring, then the Locket and Watch; whereupon they took her up, but she deny'd it, and they found nothing upon her; that the Watch was sent him by an unknown Hand. Mr. Baker deposed, that when he was charged with the Prisoner she denied it, but afterwards own'd to him that she had the Watch and Ring; and that she had sold the Ring in Smithfield; but going to enquire there, the Goldsmith told them it was no such thing. The Prisoner deny'd the Fact, and as to the Shift said, she having sould it had put it with some other things, and had got some Soap in order to wash them. The Jury considering the Matter Acquitted her. Mary Farrar, of St. Botolph without Aldgate was indicted for feloniously stealing a Guinea and 4 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of William Bass, on the 5th of May last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Thomas Moreton, of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing the Silver Haft of a Fork and 3 Ounces of Silver, the Goods of Peter Morley on the 23d of May last. The Prosecutor deposed that as he was drinking at the next Door, a surprise came upon him, and it ran in his Head that he must lose something; whereupon he went home, and met the Prisoner(who was his Apprentice) coming down Stairs; that he ask'd him where he had been, and he answered, up into the Garret to one of the Lodgers; that the Prisoner went to work, and he searcht up and down, but finding nothing went to his Company again, made an end of his Tankard, paid his Reckoning and came home: but it still running in his Head that he must lose something, at Night searching more narrowly, found the Haft of a Fork in the Sweep Tub and the Silver in a Tin box in the House of Office; that he search'd the Prisoner, but found nothing on him. The Prisoner said he knew nothing of it. The Jury Acquitted him. Edward Greenwood, of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for privately stealing a Hat value 6 s. a Perriwig value 34 s. from the Person of Richard James, on the 20th of March last. But no Evidence appearing against him, the Jury Acquitted him. Anthony Mills, of St. James Clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Flannel Shirt, 3 Flannel Petticoats and 2 Frocks, the Goods of Thomas Claridge, on the 4th of May last. But no Evidence appearing against him, the Jury Acquitted him. Philip Deely, of Cowley in the County of Middlesex, was indicted for the Murder of Robert Clarke, on the 24th of April last, by giving him a Bruise on the Right part of his Belly, of which he instantly died. He was also indicted a second time on the Coroner's Inquest for the same. William Eyles deposed that the Prisoner(a Butcher) came for a Calf, and sent the Deceased for him to help it up on his Horse, which he did; that the Deceased, when the Prisoner, was riding home with it, gamed him about a Woman; and the Prisoner told him that if he gamed him he would come back and fight him; and the Deceased continuing to jear him, the Prisoner came back, got off his Horse, and went with a Stick in his Hand and offer'd to strike the Deceased with it, but did not; that he pusht him down with his Hand, and the Deceased got up again; that the Prisoner raised his Stick again, but did not strike him, but pusht him down with his Hand, as before; whereupon the Deceased got up again, and said he would tell his Father, and he should thresh him; that he died within three quarters of an Hour after; that the Deceased was taken ill the Day before as he was at Plow, and came home, not being able to do his Business. Robert Eyles confirmed the former Evidence. Elizabeth Cage deposed, that she seeing the Deceased look pale, asked him what he ailed; and he told her that his Breath was beat out of his Body; and that he died within an Hour after: And being ask'd what state of Health he was in before, answered that he had been very bad with an Ague for a Week. Mr. Batty deposed that he being sent for to view the Body, he opened it, and found it full of Blood; but no Bruise on it, nor any thing broke; and that he could not tell what he died of. Mr. Fellows deposed that he saw him after he was opened by the former Evidence, and opened him farther, and found the Vena Cava burst; but thought it impossible for that Vein to be burst by any thrust or blow, and that upon inquiry he heard that he had reach'd much to vomit before, which might burst the Vein. There were several appear'd to the Reputation of the Prisoner, who gave him a good Character, as that he was a peaceable and well behaved young Man, not given to quarrel, and that there was a perfect Friendship between the Deceased Youth and him, and confirmed the Deceased's having been ill of an Ague, and his coming home very bad from Flow the Day before, The Jury considering the whole matter Acquitted him of both Indictments. Ann Hall, of St. Margaret's Westminster, was indicted for the Murder of Jane Savage, on the 25th of March last, by giving her a mortal Bruise on the Left part of her Body near the Left Pap, of which she languished till the 23d of April, and then died. Mary Boreham deposed, that the Prisoner came into her Landlady(Mrs. Lisle) House and abused her, and she hearing her cry out Murder, came down Stairs, and ask'd the Prisoner if she came into her Landlady's House to Murder her; who reply'd Yes, and you too; and that she saw her strike the Deceased on her Breast. Ann Lisle deposed, that she had a Boy she Nurst 6 Years, and the Prisoner came into her House and complain'd that he had hurt her Son, and would have her to beat him; but she told her she would not till his Mother came home; whereupon she abused her very much, and she laying her Hand on her Shoulder to put her out of her House, she turn'd again, pull'd her Head Clothes off, threw down her Aged Mother, who came to her Assistance, threw this Evidence upon her Mother, and the Deceased upon them both, and struck her; and that the Deceased declared the Blow the Prisoner gave her was the Cause of her Death: but being asked whether the Deceased was in Health before, answered that she was ill of an Ague and Fever. Elizabeth Maiden deposed, that she went to see the Deceased the Day after the Quarrel, that she was very bad, and told her that she believed that the Blow the Prisoner struck her would be her Death. Jane Richardson deposed, that she heard the Deceased say, the Blow the Prisoner gave her was her Death; and that when she went to the Prisoner in the Gatehouse, she told her that Lisle was gone for a Warrant when she gave the Deceased the Blow. Roderick Forbes deposed, that he was call'd to the Deceased the 15th of April, when she complained of a Pain in her side, said she had received a Blow from the Prisoner; that he let her Blood and sent her a Plaister; that he went to see her again two Days after, and found her in a Fever, that she said her side was better; that when she was Dead he opened her, but found no settled Blood, no Discolouration nor swelling, nor sign of a Bruise. William Wood deposed, that he was present when she was opened, and found no Extravasated Blood, no Imposthumation nor any sign of a Bruise; but that she died of a Malignant Fever, and had above a Hundred Purple Spots on her Body, and that her Flesh was so Rotten and Nauseous with her Distemper, that he could hardly endure to touch her. Hannah Briggs deposed, that at Lisle's persuasion she went to see the Deceased, and ask'd her if she laid her Death to the Prisoner; that the Deceased said no, she did not; God forbid that she should; but that the Prisoner did strike her: that the Deceased was very-thick of the Purples and died of a Fever: and that she heard Lisle say, she would not trouble the Prisoner if she would pay the Charges of the Coroner. Mary Johnson deposed, that she went to see the Deceased when she was dying, who put down the Bed-clothes and laid her Hand on her Breast, but could not speak to her: And that she heard Lisle say, that if her Mother died within a Year and a Day, she would hang the Prisoner. The Prisoner denied that she struck the Deceased, and said that she was prosecuted out of Malice. The Jury considering the whole matter Acquitted her. William Boswell and John Boswell, of Edminton were indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Ewe Sheep value 11 s. each, and 10 Lambs value 11 s. each, out of the Grounds of Judith Jackson, on on the 31st of May last. William Johnson deposed, that the prosecutor lost 2 Sheep and to Lambs out of her Grounds, that he saw them there over Night, and the Next Morning they were gone, whereupon they made diligent enquiry after them, and found them in William Boswell's Lodgings up two pair of Stairs in Drury Lane, one of the Sheep and 3 of the Lambs kill'd in order to carry to Market, the rest alive: and that they met John Boswell coming up Stairs Aaron Plummer deposed that the Prisoners and himself did the Fact, and drove them to Drury Lane, where they kill'd 3 Lambs and one Ewe; and that John Boswell was present at the stealing and Dressing of them; that they were all Butchers, but kept no Shop. William Boswell would have excused John, saying that Plummer and himself called John out of his Bed, who went along with them. John Boswell, also owned that he went along with them. The Jury found them both Guilty. Transportation. Edward Quintum, alias Quin, of East Barnet, was indicted for felonionsly stealing 18 ounces of Human Hair, a Cloth Coat, a stuff petticoat, 6 pair of Sheets, and a Gold Ring, in the Dwelling House of John Sacer, on the 1st of April last. But it appearing to be in Hertfordshire, the Jury Acquitted him. James Vanderbrook, alias Vandermark, of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for Assaulting John Todd, putting him in Fear, and taking from him by Force 30 Guineas, on the 24th of May last. It appeared that the Prosecutor was a Stay-Maker, and going to see for some Jurneymen to work with him, happen'd into the Sign of the Half Moon and Candle in Bedford-Bury, which proved to be a House of Call for Mens Taylors only; that it was about Noon, and the Prisoner came in to see what was a Clock, and was going to work; but the Prosecutor said, don't go to work in the Heat of the Day, let us have a Game at All-Fours, or at Putt; that another Person plaid with the Prosecutor first, and the Prisoner was to take up the Conqueror; that they play'd at first for a Pint of Drink, afterwards for a Pint of Sider and 6 d. dry, then for 12 d. a Game; till the Prosecutor won all their Money; that the first Reckonings were paid very well, and that the Prosecutor asked them to stay and drink, and told them, that as he had won their Money, he would treat them with what they pleased: that about 7 a Clock the Prosecutor said he could stay no longer: whereupon the Prisoner said he hoped he would pay the Reckoning before he went; which he refusing, the Prisoner would not let him go out; that the Prosecutor threw up the Sash and would have gone out at the Window, but the Prisoner pulled him down; upon which the Prosecutor struck the Prisoner in the Face, and he struck the Prosecutor again; and threw his Head in his Face, upon which he put his Head out at the Window and cry'd out Murder. It appear'd by the Prosecutor's Evidence that he had received the 30 Guineas mentioned in the Indictment that Morning, and had not been at home since; that he had been at 3 or 4 places since he saw his Guineas before he came into the Prisoner's Company; though he did not miss them till he went out of it. And there was one Evidence deposed that he heard the Prosecutor say, that he verily believed the Prisoner had not his Money, and if he would give him a Bond to indemnifie him, he would not prosecute. The Jury considering the whole matter Acquitted him. Grace Cooper, of St. Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Napkin, 2 China Tea-pots a Sugar-Dish and Cover, a Slop Bason, a Milk pot 8 Dishes 9 Saucers, and other China Wares, the Goods of John Hayward, on the 29th of April last. The prosecutor deposed that he lost the Goods mentioned in the Indictment, and found them the next Day at Mr. Maund's in Pye Corner, Mrs. Maund deposed, that the prisoner(who lived within a Door or two of her as a Servant, and was turn'd away from her place but that Morning) brought the Goods to her, desiring her to take care of them, and told her that they belong'd to a Friend of hers that was burnt out at Holbourn Bridge; that she came again at Night to fetch them away, when she asked what her Friend's Name was, which the prisoner refusing to tell, made her suspect her; whereupon she deliver'd part of them to her(and kept some to see if she could find the right Owner) and sent her Kinsman to see where she carried them; that she went down to Holbourn Bridge, where the Fire was, to enquire, and they were owned by the prosecutor. Mrs. Maund's Kinsman deposed that he followed her to a pawnbroker's in Barbakin, where she offer'd to pawn them, who questioning her he appeared and told the pawnbroker he believed she did not come honestly by them; that he followed her thence to Saffron Hill, where he had her secured. The Jury considering the matter, found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Joseph Hill, of St. James at Clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing an Ax value 2 s. and a Hammer value 2 s. the Goods of John Oakley, on the 24th of May last. It appeared that the prisoner came up to make Hay, and took the Goods out of the White Lyon Inn Yard at Islington. The Jury found him Guilty. Transportation. John Newman, of St. John at Hackney, was indicted for feloniously stealing divers Table Cloths, Towels, Aprons, Pillowbears,&C. the Goods of Mary Clarke and other persons, on the 2d of June last. It appeared that the prosecutor lives at Shackelwell, and takes in Washing; and that the Goods mentioned in the Indictment were hung in her Garden to dry; that the prisoner got in, took them off the Bushes and threw them over the Hedge into the Field, and went round and took them up, but being seen, was follow'd; which he perceiving, threw the Goods down in a Ditch and ran the length of two Fields, where he was stopt by a Brook and taken. The prisoner in his Defence said that he took up 6 Cloths in the Fields, and the prosecutor following him, he told her if they were hers she might have them; that he had taken a Great House in Hendon parish, which was now repairing; that he was Crasy sometimes, and had been Lunatick this Twelve-Month: but called none to prove it. The Jury considering the matter found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Hunt, of St. Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for Counterfeiting and Forging a Six penny Stamp or Mark for Stamping Paper, Parchment, or Vellum, with an Intent to defraud the King thereby, contrary to the Statutes of the 5th and 9th of King William, and other Subsequent Acts of Parliament. Richard Price deposed that he is a Graver, and that the prisoner brought him a Steal Punch and a piece of Parchment, with the Draught of a Rose and Crown and Garter done by a Pen and Ink; that the Prisoner agreed with him to grave the said Draught on the said Steal Punch, and ordered him to leave a Space at the Bottom, and when he had done the rest, he would tell him what he should Grave there; that when he had done the Draught, the prisoner told him that he must put VI PENCE at the bottom, and staid by him while he did it, that it was about a Fortnight before it was done, and the Prisoner agreed with him for 25 s. that he had 1 s. before he began, 10 s. while doing it, and a Note for 10 s. more when he took it away, which was the same Day he was taken. Henry Clay deposed, that they having Information of the matter at the Stamp Office, he was sent to take the Prisoner, who he follow'd into the Roe Buck, at the Corner of Tibbolds Row; that the prisoner(pulling the Stamp out of his pocket) said, What, do you detain me for this Stamp? I had it made only to Stamp a Copy of two Deeds that were burnt. And gave it to him. Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Bott deposed, that they were present at the Alehouse with Mr. Clay and the prisoner, and confirmed Mr. Clay's Evidence. The Stamp was produced in Court, and swore to be the same the prisoner deliver'd to Mr Clay, and the same same that Price made for him. Mr. Rolles deposed, that it was a perfect Resemblance of their Six Penny Stamp. The prisoner in his Defence said, that he never made any Use or is, neither did he intend it: and called several to his Reputation, some who had Dealt with him, and others who knew him very well, and gave him the Character of an Honest and Industrious Man; that he has a Wife and Eight Children, and is now reduced. The Fact being fully proved, the Jury found him Guilty,( Death.) And at the same time recommended him to the Mercy of the Court, in consideration of his Wife and Children. Gilbert Beard, of St. John at Hackney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Linnen Shirt value 4 s. the Goods of Daniel Fowler on the 14th of May last. The prosecutor deposed that he came into his House and called for a Pint of Drink, went into the next Room and took the Shirt and went away with it; that he followed him and found it in his Bosom. The Jury considering the matter found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. William Armstrong of St. Margarets Westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Holland Shirt value 5 s. a Muslin Neckcloth value 3 s. and 2 pair of Worsted Stockings value 6 s. the Goods of Joshua Laney, one the 1st of February last. But the Evidence not being sufficient the Jury Acquitted him. Aaron Richards of the Parish of Bedfont in Middlesex, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 Pound of Bread value 1 d. 2 ounces of Butter value 1 d. 2 ounces of Tobacco value 2 d. and 2 Combs value 8 d. The Goods of James Ives, on the 10th of May last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury acquitted him. The Tryals being over, the Court proceeded to give Judment as followeth; Receiv'd Sentence of Death. 3. John Lewis, Mary Speerman, and John Hunt. Burnt in the Hand 2. James Smith and Ann Cook, the last formerly Convicted. To be Transported. 11. Mary Higgins, Charles Cauthorn, Eliz Alexander, Grace Cooper, Eliz Hall, John Grey, Joseph Hill, John Newman, Gilbert Beard, William Boswell, John Boswell. To be Whipt, 4. Thomas Jones, William Cox, John Wilson, Lewis Goleston. Williams Cullum, Fined 40 s. and to suffer one Months Imprisonment. John Bailey, Fined 13s. 4 d. Linch Scarriot, formerly Convicted, Fined 20 s. ADVERTISEMENTS. Lately publish'd, the 6th Edition with Additions of, YOUTH's introduction to Trade and Business: Containing I. Tables of the most usual Clerk-like Contradictions of Words; a Collection of English Words alike in Sound, but different in Signification; with proper Directions how to address to Persons of Elevated Rank, and those in Office. II. Acquittances and Promissory Notes diversified, and adapted to such Circumstances as occur in real Business III. Variety of Bills of Parcels, and Bills on Book Debts, to enter the Learner in the Manner and Methods of Commerce, and to make him ready at Computation. IV. Bills of Exchange, with Directions necessary for the right understanding and Management of Remittances; several Orders for Goods, Letters of Credit, Invoyces, and other Merchants like Examples. V. Authentick Forms of such Law-Proceedings, as are most frequently to be met with, in Course of Traffick. VI. A Collection of Questions, to exemplify the common Rules of Arithmetick, and to reduce them to Practice. For the use of Schools. Done upon the Plan of the late Col. Ayre's Essay, By M. Clare, School-master in Soho Square, London. With whom Youth may board and be fitted for Business. price 2s. Printed for Ed Symon, at the Corner of Pope's-head-Alley in Cornhill. A Water that perfectly cures the Itch, or any Itching Humour in a few Days, without necessity of Purging or the dangerous use of Mercury, Price 1 s. 6 d. is only Prepared and Sold by A. Downing Chymist at the Crown and Ball in George Court in St. John's Lane by Hitch Hall near West-Smithfield. Where also may be had, the best Spirits of Scurvy-Grass, by Wholesale or Retale at 8 d. a Bottle. A most effectual Remedy for the Violent Pain in the Teeth, Price 1 s. Also a most excellent Remedy for preserving the Teeth and clearing them from the Scurvy, Price 2 s. The following Books are given Gratia. 1st, THE Practical Scheme of the Secret Disease and Broken Constitutions, by Fast Living, Former ill Cures, Salivations and Mercury,--2ly, The New system of the GOUT and Rheumatism, drawn from Reason Anatomical Observations and Experience,--3ly. A Rational Account of the Cause, Nature, and Cure of WEAKNESSES usually attending Persons after former Cures, Over-strainings, Self-Abuses, Hard Labours, Miscarriages,&c. Whereas is given a full Account of the horrid Nature, and most miserable Consequences of Self-Abuses in particulars. These Books(all New Editions) are given Gratis Up one pair of Stairs at the Sign of the ANODYNE. NECKLACE, without Temple-Bar. At Mr. Cowpers Toy shop the Corner of Charles Court by Hungerford-Market in the Strand. And at Mrs. Garraway's Shop at the King's Arms at the Royal Exchange-Gate next Cornhill. Some BOOKS printed for and sold by Edmund Parker at the Bible and Crown in Lombard Street, near Stocks Market. ENGLAND's Perfect School-Master; with Directions for exact Spelling, Reading, Writing and Arithmetick. Shewing how to Spell or Read any Chapter in the Bible by Four and Twenty Words only, with Examples of most Words from One to Six Syllables, both in whole Words, and also divided: with Rules how to Spell them. Al o how to Spell all such Words which are alike in sound, yet different in their Sense and Spelling. Together with the true Meaning and use of all Stops and Points, to be observed by all that would Read and Write well. With a Table of Orthography, shewing how to Write true English: with several Copies of the most usual Hands Engraven in Copper. As also variety of Pieces in English Verse on the most remarkable passages mention'd in Scripture; very useful for Writing Schools. Lastly, Direction for Writing of Letters, Acquittances, Bills of Exchange, Bills of Parcels, Bills of Debt, Bonds, etc. How to state Accompts aright,&c. By Nathaniel Strong, late School Master in London. The Tenth Edition, Corrected and much Enlarged. A Rich Treasure at an easy Rate: Or, The ready way to True Content. A Short and Pleasant Discourse, manifestly shewing how inconsistent Riches is with Piety usually, and how Opposite Poverty is often. Together with the happy Agreement and Conjunction of Honest Labour, Real Godliness, and Soul Content. The Preacher sought to find out acceptable words(words of delight) and thus which was Written was upright, even words of Truth, Eccles. 10,12. Omne tulit Panctum, qui miscuit utile Dulci. The Third Edition. Price 6 d. Aesop's Fables, with Morals and Reflections, as improved by Sir Roger L'Estrange, done into Variety of English Verse. Illustrated with Cuts curiously engraved on Copper Plates. Very useful to Divert and Instruct Young Gentlemen and Ladies in the Conduct of Human Life. The Fourth Edition. Price bound 2 s. 6 d. Arithmetick made easie, according to the New Method now taught and practis'd in London. Wherein the Rules of that necessary Art are briefly explain'd, and illustrated with such familiar Examples as may suit the meanest Capacity, if they desire to learn it. To which is added a Succinct Treatise of Decimal Fractions, with Compleat Tables, Rules and Examples demonstrating the same. The like not extant in any other Treatise of this Nature. The Fourth Edition. By Johns Copeland, Writing-Master. Price bound 1 s. Maximum in Minimo: Or. Mr. Jeremiah Rich's Pens Dexterity completed, Being the plainest and easiest Method of writing SHORT-HAND. To which are added. The Terms of the Law complete in Characters at length, being of great use to all Lawyers and others who take Tryals at large in Courts. Never done till now. By Samuel Botley. The whole continously engrav'd on Thirty Copper Plates. Pr. I s. 6 d."	"the proceedings on the king's commission of the peace, and oyer and terminer, and goal-delivery of newgate, held for the city of london, and county of middlesex, at justice-hall in the old bayly, on thursday and friday, being the 2d and 3d of this instant june, 1720. in the sixth year of his majesty's reign. before the right honourable sir george thorold, kt. and baronet, lord mayor of the city of london; the lord chief justice king, mr. justice ayres, mr. baron mountague, john raby, esq; deputy recorder; and several of his majesty's justices of the peace for the city of london, and country of middlesex. the jurors names were as followeth: london jury, john bradford, thomas parr, william sambrook, thomas king, samuel sheaf, samuel gourd, john shelley, james pitman, thomas clarke, robert street, thomas hughes, samuel hamphreys. middlesex jury, benjamin jackman, richard bird, john walkingame, john hirons, abraham browne, thomas smith, joseph wedgeborough, edward saul, james harrison, william sudbury, william harrison, thomas mills. william cullum, was indicted for a misdemeanour, in attempting to fire the dwelling house of richard wallis, by putting a lighted candle to a basket of wooden chips, on the 2d of may last. the prosecutor(who keeps the nags head alehouse in nags head court in grace-church street) deposed, that the night aforesaid his wife and children having been gone to bed about an hour before, and none up in the house but the prisoner and himself, he bid him draw him a little beer, and while he was gone for it the watchman knock at the door for a pipe, who spying a light in the cellar through the cracks in the floor, told him(the prosecutor) of it; whereupon he went down and found a piece of candle lighted put to the chips in the basket, which had set them on fire, but it being just done he put it out with a pint of water; that the prisoner had no occasion to go by or near the basket of chips for the drink. the watchman confirm'd the former evidence, and the prisoner's confession before the justice was read in court, wherein he owned the fact, and said that three men advised him to do it, and gave him three guineas. the prisoner upon his tryal said he knew nothing of the matter, and that he confest it before the justice for fear of being whipt. but the jury not believing him, found him guilty. fined 40 s. and to suffer one month's imprisonment. thomas jones, of st. brides, was indicted for privately stealing a silk handkerchief value 1 s 6 d. from the person of samuel illidge, on the 14th of may last. the prosecutor deposed, that coming over fleet-bridge he lost his handkerchief, and found it immediately on the prisoner, who took it out of his bosom and threw it on the ground. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. to be whipt. james shaw, of st. christopher's, was indicted for privately stealing a silk handkerchief value 2 s. from the person of samuel sills, on the 29th of april last; but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. mary jenkins, of st. botolph without aldgate, was indicted for breaking the house of sarah douglass in the day-time on the 22d of may last, and feloniously stealing thence 18 guineas and 40 s. in money, the goods and money of the said sarah douglass. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. elizabeth stretch of st. katharine creed-church, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 s 6 d. out of the shop of george streight on the 25th of may last. the prosecutor deposed that he lost half a crown. another deposed that he saw the prisoner(who lived next door to the prosecutor) take the money from off the compter. the prisoner in her defence said, that she took it to go after a coachman(who came in for some gin) to change it for a queen ann's half crown, at the request of the prosecutor's daughter. the jury considering the matter acquitted her. mary higgins, of st. mildred in the poultry, was indicted for privately stealing a silver taster value 14s. in the shop of william kendal on the 14th of may last. it appeared that the prisoner came into the prosecutor's shop for some pickled cucumbers, and took the taster and went away with it; but being follow'd, was taken with it upon her. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john gambol, of alhallows barkin, was indicted for breaking the house of gabriel whitacre, on the 23d of december last in the night-time, and feloniously stealing thence a leather trunk, a pair of sheets, 5 guineas, 3 l. in money,&c. the goods and money of the said gabriel whitacre. the evidence for the king deposed that the prosecutor's lock of his closet door was broke off and his trunk taken away; that there were in the trunk several lottery tickets, one of them a prize of 10 l. a note for 100 l. a sword-blade-bond for 100 l. and other things besides those mention'd in the indictment; that some of the writings were found on the custom-house key, and that he had his note and bond again, but not the ticket of 10 l. prize: that the prisoner was his journeyman, but had been gone from him about a fortnight, and that the prosecutor's brother telling him he met the prisoner the night aforesaid, within 30 yards of his house, he enquired after him and followed him to rochester, where the man of the house he went to, told him he had been there, but was gone; and that he(the prisoner) offer'd to sell him a 10 l. prize, but he could not tell the number of the ticket, that the next morning he follow'd him to east-malling, and took him out of his bed, that he owned he shewed the ticket at rochester, and offer'd him a bond for the money, and produced some small pieces of paper saying that was the ticket, but it was tore so very small that he could not tell the letters; that he owned he left the trunk on the custom-house keys, and said the sheets were left at a cooks; but going there to enquire for them, the cook declared that he had left nothing there. the prisoner denied the whole matter, and in his defence said, that he workt for the prosecutor six weeks, lay in the house, and had opportunities enough to have robb'd him, but that he never wrong'd him of any thing; that the prosecutor used to leave his door open for his brother to come in at late hours, and sometimes a candle for him in the entry, so that any body might come in and rob him. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted him. charles cauthorn, of st. mary hill, was indicted for feloniously stealing 12 pound weight of tobacco value 4 s. the goods of jeffry adamson, on the 15th of may last. the prosecutor deposed that he keeps a publick house, and the tobacco was in a box in his cellar made up in penny papers for his customers, with the tobacconist's name,&c.(who was his neighbour) on the papers, and that he lost it out of his cellar, and 3 bottles of wine, some brandy,&c. at the same time. the constable deposed that as he was on his watch the prisoner came by with a box of tobacco, and he ask'd him where he had it, and the prisoner reply'd he bought it in london, afterwards he said at limehouse; that the tobacco being very loose in the box, as if it had been put out of papers, he put his hand into the box, and at the bottom of it found a paper unopen'd, by which he found out the prosecutor. the box and paper of tobacco were produc'd in court and swore to by the prosecutor; that the prisoner offer'd to impeach two more if he would give him a bond of 20 l. not to prosecute him. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. mary bedford and elizabeth strawbridge, of st. stephen coleman-street, were indicted for feloniously stealing a silver spoon value 10 s. the goods of mary meakins, on the 5th of may last. william adams deposed that the prisoners were drinking up stairs at the star tavern in coleman-street with a gentleman, and had the spoon for their use; that they appointed one mr. collier who was drinking below stairs, to meet them at another place; that when they were gone the spoon was mist, whereupon he askt mr. collier where they were gone, who told him to the kings-arms-inn in leaden-hall-street, and went thither along with him, where they found them, and had them to the watch-house, and that the spoon was found under the bench which elizabeth strawbridge sat on. the constable confirmed the finding the spoon in the watch-house. the prisoners denied their taking the spoon, or that they knew any thing of it, and said that the man who was with them might put it there, whom they let get away. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted them. john smith alis wilson, of st. dunstan in the east, was indicted for feloniously stealing an iron padlock, value 2 s. 6 d. the goods of richard grew, on the 7th of may last. robert nicholson deposed that as he was going to work about 3 a clock in the morning the day aforesaid, he saw the prisoner and another man on st. dunstan's-hill, who parted, that he follow'd the other man, who had a bag on his shoulder, and the prisoner went the other way; that this evidence went to the tackle house, and coming back to mincing lane saw mr. grew's vault door pusht open, and the prisoner come out of it. mr. grew's servant deposed, that he saw the door safe at 11 at night, and that the former evidence called him up at 3 in the morning, when the padlock was gone, and that the prisoner being ask'd for it, said, the person who was with him in the lane had it. the prisoner denied the fact, and said that he has a wife in st. thomas's hospital, and a child at nurse in southwark, and that going along they seized him, and ask'd him for the lock, and what was become of the man that was with him; to which he reply'd he had no body with him, nor knew nothing of the lock; and that if they had lost one, the man whom they talkt of might have it. the jury acquitted him. william cox of st. michael at queenhith was indicted for feloniously stealing a nest of drawers value 2 s. and 6 knives and forks value 4 s. the goods of a person unknown, on the 16th of may last. it appeared that the prisoner was a waterman's boy, and took the goods out of the boat of robert walker, who judging there were some marbles in the drawers by the noise of their rowling, and seeing the prisoner at play with some the next day, took him up, when he owned the fact, and delivered him the drawers again, saying he opened them with his stretcher. the prisoner did not deny it on his tryal. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. to be whipt. john bayley, was indicted for an assault, to which indictment he pleaded guilty. fined 13 s. and 4 d. john lewis, of the liberty of the old artillery ground, was indicted for assaulting mary baldwin on the high way, putting her in fear, and taking from her a canvas pocket, value 6 d. a pocket-book, value 12 d. and 2 s. 3 d. in money, on the 6th of may last. the prosecutor deposed, that about 9 a clock the night aforesaid she was thrown down, and her pocket, pocket-book and money taken from her; that in her pocket-book there was a note of 31 l. 5 s. and to the best of her knowledge, the prisoner was the man that committed the fact. richard hotchet deposed that he saw the prisoner run from the prosecutor, who cry'd out stop thief, and stopt him; and that he saw him drop the pocket. mr. hall deposed that he hearing the cry of stop thief, took hold of the prisoner, who was stopt by the former evidence; that he saw the prisoner drop the pocket, that the prisoner stuck him in the breast with a penknife because he would not let him go; that he aimed at his throat afterwards, but missing it gave him a large wound in his cheek, both which wounds appeared in court; and that there were two pick lock keys found on him. thomas stedman deposed that he saw the pick lock keys, saw the prisoner wound hall with a pen-knife; and that he wounded this evidence in the arm with the same, which wound not being well yet, he shewed in court. edward brown deposed that he going by saw the prosecutor down, saw the keys, and that himself was wounded by the prisoner under the arm. the pocket, which was swore to by the prosecutor to be hers, and by several to be the same the prisoner dropt, and the pick lock keys were produc'd in court. the prisner deny'd all, saying they wounded one another and call'd two persons to his reputation; but they gave him an ill character. the jury found him guilty. death. john morgan, of st. pancras, was indicted for assaulting thomas turner on the high way, putting-him in fear, and taking from him 3 s. on the 28th of september last. he was a second time indicted by the name of john morgan of st. margarets westminster, for assaulting a person unknown on the high way, putting him in fear, and taking from him 10 s. in money, on the 1st of december last. of both which facts he was accused by john whinship, who deposed that himself was an accomplice with the prisoner in them: but for want of better evidence the jury acquitted him. joseph birch, of st. clements danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing a perriwig value 6 d. and a drugget coat value 3 s. the goods of richard rowland, on the 2d of may last. but the evidence not affecting the prisoner, the jury acquitted him. james smith, of st. margarets westminster, was indicted for the murder of mongo campbell on the 5th of april last, by giving him a mortal wound with a drawn sword under the right pap, of the breadth of a quarter of an inch, and the depth of 5 inches, of which he instantly died. he was indicted a second time on the coroner's inquest for the same. mary robinson deposed, that between 5 and 6 in the morning she heard a knocking very hard at mrs. pitman's door in manchester court in channel row westminster, and thinking it to be at their own door, she got up, and saw the deceased come out of mrs. pitman's house with his naked sword in his hand, and the prisoner follow him, buttoning his coat, with his sword by his side in the scabbard; that as soon as the prisoner was off the steps the deceased pusht at him with his sword, whereupon the prisoner said, do you call me out of my bed to murder me? that when they were got about three doors further the deceased pusht at him again, and wounded him in the left hand; that then the prisoner drew, and the deceased received the aforesaid wound. that the prisoner could not retreat, the rails being behind him, and the deceased before him. eleanor read deposed, that the deceased knockr at mrs. pitman's door(where the prisoner lodged) and she went down and opened it; that he ask'd for the prisoner, and she went up and told him; that the prisoner spoke very civilly to him, and she left them in the dining room together. another evidence deposed, that as he was going home the night before this unhappy accident, he met the deceased, and went with him to a house where they had some hot pots, and staid till morning, that he would have persuaded the deceased to go home, but could not; that as they went along channel row, the deceased said he would go to the upper end of the court to shift himself, and bid him stay there for him; that while he staid, hearing the clashing of swords, he went up to part them; that the deceased was bloody, retreated and sat down on the steps and died. robert cornforth deposed that he met the deceased and former evidence, and heard the deceased say, stay here while i go and call him up; that he went up the court and knockt very hard. mary benson and eliz- deposed that they heard the prisoner say, did you call me out of bed to murder me? mr. bland the surgeon deposed, that he found a wound on the right breast of the deceased 5 inches deep; that it was mortal, and the occasion of his death. the prisoner in his defence said that the deceased had a pistol in one hand which he put into his pocket; that he was so near the rails that he could not retreat, and had no other way to defend himself. the jury found him guilty of manslaughter. burnt in the hand. mary speerman of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for privately stealing 7 guineas and 25 s. in money from the person of william buxton, on the 14th of october last. the prosecutor deposed that he lay down on the bed to sleep, and that the prisoner(a girl) lay in another bed in the same room; that when he lay down he had the guineas together in a paper in one pocket, and the silver loose in another pocket, and when he rose both were gone: that he found the prisoner next day at mr. ogden's at the crown in southwark, who confest that she had taken it, and gave mr. ogden 5 guineas and half a crown, and had spent 2. guineas that night; that mr. ogden return'd him 3 s. 3 d. and his wife 6 s. 4 d. of his money again, the rest was spent on clothes,&c. elizabeth simmons deposed that the prisoner came into mr. ogden's house, and pull'd out half a crown, then 5 guineas, and gave them to mr. ogden to put up; that he scrupeling them, she said they were good, and where she had them she could have more. the prosecutor's daughter deposed, that she went to mr. ogden's with her father, and confirmed his evidence, adding that the prisoner refused to go before a justice without a constable; and that she owned she had robb'd her father. the prisoner in her defence said, that she found the gold and the silver together in a paper on the ground by the bed-side. but the jury not believing her, found her guilty. death. sarah powel of isleworth, was indicted for feloniously stealing half a guinea and 2 s. and 6 d. the goods and money of james hall, on the 30th of may last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. elizabeth alexander, ann alexander, and mary alexander, of st. james westminster, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing 14 pair of worsted stockings, a pair of silk stockings, two holland shirts, 3 pair of gloves, 5 wax candles,&c. the goods of philip messervy, on the 29th of may last; and ann and mary as accessory in receiving the same, knowing them to be stole. the prosecutor deposed that he going up to his trunk, found it broke open, and several of his goods gone, particularly those mentioned in the indictment, which were in the trunk that was broke open, and two others in the same room; that the prisoner being charg'd with it the next morning owned the fact, and a key was found in her pocket that would open the two trunks which were not broke. r. howard confirmed her confessing the fact, and the several places where she had disposed of them. the prisoner elizabeth in her defence said, that she was bound apprentice to r howard to matt chairs, and turn'd off to his brother-in-law, that she was hard used and took them for want. there being no evidence to fix any thing on ann and mary alexander, the jury acquitted them; and found elizabeth alexander guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. peter cartwright, of st. james at clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing 3 ounces and a quarter of silver plate value 30 s. the goods of edward hurdsman, out of the house of walter wood, on the 30th of may last. mr. wood deposed that he was entrusted with the goods to spin on silk for mr. hurdsman, in order to make lace, and lockt them up in a drawer under the dresser, and found some of them at the three kings in newgate street, where they were stopt: that the prisoner(who workt for him) confest before the justice that he took them off the dresser, but refused to sign his examination. the prisoner denied the fact: and the person who stopt the goods not appearing to fix it upon him, the jury acquitted him. elizabeth hall, of st. giles's in the fields, was indicted on the statute of the 3d. and 4th, of king william and queen mary,(entituled an act to take away the benefit of the clergy from some offenders, and to bring others to punishment.) for feloniously stealing a pair of linnen sheets value 14 s. in the dwelling house of james hornsby, and also for feloniously stealing a petticoat value 2 s. a handkerchief value 1 s. a silver spoon value 5 s. the goods of the said james hornsby on the 31st, of may last. the prosecutor deposed that he let the prisoner a lodging for 1 s. per week, and after she had been there 7 weeks, he suspecting her, asked her for the key of the room; which she refusing to deliver, he opened the door and mist the sheets out of her lodging, and the other goods out of his house, and charging her with it, she confess'd where she had pawn'd them; and they were found accordingly. elizabeth saul deposed, that she lent the prisoner 4 s. on the spoon, and 3 s. 6 d. on the sheets. the prisoner did not deny it on her tryal. the jury found her guilty to the value of 4 s. and 10 d. transportation. john wilson of st. dunstan in the west, was indicted for feloniously stealing a leg of veal value 6 s. the goods of joseph foulk, on the 26th of may last. it appeared that the prisoner took the leg of veal out of the prosecutor's larder and ran away with it, but it was immediately mist, and one who was passing by seeing the prisoner run along with it at arms length, and hearing the cry of stop thief, followed him, saw him drop it, ran after and seized him and brought him back. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. to be whipt. lewis golston, of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 4 shillings and 5 pence 3 farthings in money number'd, the money of richard gladman, on the 15th of may last. the prosecutor deposed that he kept halfpence and farthings by him for change in a mug in a corner cupboard, and finding his cupboard open and missing his money, ask'd his wife if she had taken any out of the mug, and she saying that she had not, he charged the prisoner with it, and found a remarkable halfpenny which he knew, among the rest in his lap, whereupon the prisoner confest the fact. the constable deposed, that the prisner owned to him that he took the money out of the mug, and desired him to speak to the prosecutor to be favourable to him. the prisoner did not deny it on his trial, but beg'd for mercy of the court, promissing never to do so any more the jury found him guilty to the value of 10d. to be whipt. john grey, of st. james clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver cup value 5 l. in the dwelling house of john sharp, on the 15th of may last. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner came under a pretence to buy a penny-worth of cheese, and he coming from a neighbour's saw the prisoner step off the threshold and found the cup upon him. another deposed he saw the cup taken from the prisoner. the prisner in his defence said that he went to buy some cheese, and took the cup off the compter to draw some water in; not with an intent to steal it, but to bring it again. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. ann maynard and william price, of st. giles without cripplegate, were indicted for feloniously stealing a canvas bag value 2 d. 3 gold rings value 30 s. a 5 l. piece of gold, 10 pieces of silver value 10 s. and 103 guineas, in the dwelling house of john jarvis, on the 24th of may last. the prosecutor deposed that maynard was his servant and had liv'd with him 2 years, and price was her sweet heart; that he lost the goods mention'd in the indictment, and going to price's master he search'd and in his house of office found the bag and all the guineas but 17, and his rings. john gelder, price's master, confirm'd the finding the bag of guineas, and the rings in his house of office, and farther deposed, that price lay out all that night, and when he came in next day did not go to work, but went out and bought a pair of silver buckles; that he went out again and bought shirts; that he observing him to go often to the vault, asked him if he ailed any thing, and he answered that he was out of order with drinking, and had the piles. that perceiving him to be very uneasy he asked him what was the matter, and bid him if he had a mind to leave him tell him so: whereupon he said, that he and his brother had listed themselves for soldiers, and his brother's master had got him off; and he had heard that it was known where himself was, therefore must leave him, for he should be shot to death if taken. that the vault was a common vault in the yard. francis calhorn deposed that he saw the bag of guineas taken out of the vault. john jarvis deposed that price used to come lurking about his uncle's house, and to be often in it; that he has let him in at 3 a clock in the morning; that one night finding his shoes and buckles wet and dirty under the dresser, he went up, but found the door which led to the maid's chamber lockt, so that he could not get in, and he believes they were then together. the jury considering the whole matter, and that there was no proof that the prisoners took it, or put it there, they acquitted them. elizabeth berry of st. giles without cripplegate, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver watch value 20 s. a gold ring and a gold locket, the goods of john tilbury, on the 12th of may last. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner had liv'd with him as a servant 8 days, that she had a fellow came after her whom he did not like, that he sent for her to a tavern, but he did not tell her of it; that she not going, the vintner came to know the reason; and he told him that his maid servant should not go after men to taverns; which the prisoner hearing was very uneasie, went to her mistress, and ask'd her where it was; who told her, and withal, that if she went, she should lie there no more: that his wife found one of her shifts bundled up in the prisoner's apron, afterwards mist the ring, then the locket and watch; whereupon they took her up, but she deny'd it, and they found nothing upon her; that the watch was sent him by an unknown hand. mr. baker deposed, that when he was charged with the prisoner she denied it, but afterwards own'd to him that she had the watch and ring; and that she had sold the ring in smithfield; but going to enquire there, the goldsmith told them it was no such thing. the prisoner deny'd the fact, and as to the shift said, she having sould it had put it with some other things, and had got some soap in order to wash them. the jury considering the matter acquitted her. mary farrar, of st. botolph without aldgate was indicted for feloniously stealing a guinea and 4 s. in money, the goods and money of william bass, on the 5th of may last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. thomas moreton, of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing the silver haft of a fork and 3 ounces of silver, the goods of peter morley on the 23d of may last. the prosecutor deposed that as he was drinking at the next door, a surprise came upon him, and it ran in his head that he must lose something; whereupon he went home, and met the prisoner(who was his apprentice) coming down stairs; that he ask'd him where he had been, and he answered, up into the garret to one of the lodgers; that the prisoner went to work, and he searcht up and down, but finding nothing went to his company again, made an end of his tankard, paid his reckoning and came home: but it still running in his head that he must lose something, at night searching more narrowly, found the haft of a fork in the sweep tub and the silver in a tin box in the house of office; that he search'd the prisoner, but found nothing on him. the prisoner said he knew nothing of it. the jury acquitted him. edward greenwood, of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for privately stealing a hat value 6 s. a perriwig value 34 s. from the person of richard james, on the 20th of march last. but no evidence appearing against him, the jury acquitted him. anthony mills, of st. james clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a flannel shirt, 3 flannel petticoats and 2 frocks, the goods of thomas claridge, on the 4th of may last. but no evidence appearing against him, the jury acquitted him. philip deely, of cowley in the county of middlesex, was indicted for the murder of robert clarke, on the 24th of april last, by giving him a bruise on the right part of his belly, of which he instantly died. he was also indicted a second time on the coroner's inquest for the same. william eyles deposed that the prisoner(a butcher) came for a calf, and sent the deceased for him to help it up on his horse, which he did; that the deceased, when the prisoner, was riding home with it, gamed him about a woman; and the prisoner told him that if he gamed him he would come back and fight him; and the deceased continuing to jear him, the prisoner came back, got off his horse, and went with a stick in his hand and offer'd to strike the deceased with it, but did not; that he pusht him down with his hand, and the deceased got up again; that the prisoner raised his stick again, but did not strike him, but pusht him down with his hand, as before; whereupon the deceased got up again, and said he would tell his father, and he should thresh him; that he died within three quarters of an hour after; that the deceased was taken ill the day before as he was at plow, and came home, not being able to do his business. robert eyles confirmed the former evidence. elizabeth cage deposed, that she seeing the deceased look pale, asked him what he ailed; and he told her that his breath was beat out of his body; and that he died within an hour after: and being ask'd what state of health he was in before, answered that he had been very bad with an ague for a week. mr. batty deposed that he being sent for to view the body, he opened it, and found it full of blood; but no bruise on it, nor any thing broke; and that he could not tell what he died of. mr. fellows deposed that he saw him after he was opened by the former evidence, and opened him farther, and found the vena cava burst; but thought it impossible for that vein to be burst by any thrust or blow, and that upon inquiry he heard that he had reach'd much to vomit before, which might burst the vein. there were several appear'd to the reputation of the prisoner, who gave him a good character, as that he was a peaceable and well behaved young man, not given to quarrel, and that there was a perfect friendship between the deceased youth and him, and confirmed the deceased's having been ill of an ague, and his coming home very bad from flow the day before, the jury considering the whole matter acquitted him of both indictments. ann hall, of st. margaret's westminster, was indicted for the murder of jane savage, on the 25th of march last, by giving her a mortal bruise on the left part of her body near the left pap, of which she languished till the 23d of april, and then died. mary boreham deposed, that the prisoner came into her landlady(mrs. lisle) house and abused her, and she hearing her cry out murder, came down stairs, and ask'd the prisoner if she came into her landlady's house to murder her; who reply'd yes, and you too; and that she saw her strike the deceased on her breast. ann lisle deposed, that she had a boy she nurst 6 years, and the prisoner came into her house and complain'd that he had hurt her son, and would have her to beat him; but she told her she would not till his mother came home; whereupon she abused her very much, and she laying her hand on her shoulder to put her out of her house, she turn'd again, pull'd her head clothes off, threw down her aged mother, who came to her assistance, threw this evidence upon her mother, and the deceased upon them both, and struck her; and that the deceased declared the blow the prisoner gave her was the cause of her death: but being asked whether the deceased was in health before, answered that she was ill of an ague and fever. elizabeth maiden deposed, that she went to see the deceased the day after the quarrel, that she was very bad, and told her that she believed that the blow the prisoner struck her would be her death. jane richardson deposed, that she heard the deceased say, the blow the prisoner gave her was her death; and that when she went to the prisoner in the gatehouse, she told her that lisle was gone for a warrant when she gave the deceased the blow. roderick forbes deposed, that he was call'd to the deceased the 15th of april, when she complained of a pain in her side, said she had received a blow from the prisoner; that he let her blood and sent her a plaister; that he went to see her again two days after, and found her in a fever, that she said her side was better; that when she was dead he opened her, but found no settled blood, no discolouration nor swelling, nor sign of a bruise. william wood deposed, that he was present when she was opened, and found no extravasated blood, no imposthumation nor any sign of a bruise; but that she died of a malignant fever, and had above a hundred purple spots on her body, and that her flesh was so rotten and nauseous with her distemper, that he could hardly endure to touch her. hannah briggs deposed, that at lisle's persuasion she went to see the deceased, and ask'd her if she laid her death to the prisoner; that the deceased said no, she did not; god forbid that she should; but that the prisoner did strike her: that the deceased was very-thick of the purples and died of a fever: and that she heard lisle say, she would not trouble the prisoner if she would pay the charges of the coroner. mary johnson deposed, that she went to see the deceased when she was dying, who put down the bed-clothes and laid her hand on her breast, but could not speak to her: and that she heard lisle say, that if her mother died within a year and a day, she would hang the prisoner. the prisoner denied that she struck the deceased, and said that she was prosecuted out of malice. the jury considering the whole matter acquitted her. william boswell and john boswell, of edminton were indicted for feloniously stealing 2 ewe sheep value 11 s. each, and 10 lambs value 11 s. each, out of the grounds of judith jackson, on on the 31st of may last. william johnson deposed, that the prosecutor lost 2 sheep and to lambs out of her grounds, that he saw them there over night, and the next morning they were gone, whereupon they made diligent enquiry after them, and found them in william boswell's lodgings up two pair of stairs in drury lane, one of the sheep and 3 of the lambs kill'd in order to carry to market, the rest alive: and that they met john boswell coming up stairs aaron plummer deposed that the prisoners and himself did the fact, and drove them to drury lane, where they kill'd 3 lambs and one ewe; and that john boswell was present at the stealing and dressing of them; that they were all butchers, but kept no shop. william boswell would have excused john, saying that plummer and himself called john out of his bed, who went along with them. john boswell, also owned that he went along with them. the jury found them both guilty. transportation. edward quintum, alias quin, of east barnet, was indicted for felonionsly stealing 18 ounces of human hair, a cloth coat, a stuff petticoat, 6 pair of sheets, and a gold ring, in the dwelling house of john sacer, on the 1st of april last. but it appearing to be in hertfordshire, the jury acquitted him. james vanderbrook, alias vandermark, of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for assaulting john todd, putting him in fear, and taking from him by force 30 guineas, on the 24th of may last. it appeared that the prosecutor was a stay-maker, and going to see for some jurneymen to work with him, happen'd into the sign of the half moon and candle in bedford-bury, which proved to be a house of call for mens taylors only; that it was about noon, and the prisoner came in to see what was a clock, and was going to work; but the prosecutor said, don't go to work in the heat of the day, let us have a game at all-fours, or at putt; that another person plaid with the prosecutor first, and the prisoner was to take up the conqueror; that they play'd at first for a pint of drink, afterwards for a pint of sider and 6 d. dry, then for 12 d. a game; till the prosecutor won all their money; that the first reckonings were paid very well, and that the prosecutor asked them to stay and drink, and told them, that as he had won their money, he would treat them with what they pleased: that about 7 a clock the prosecutor said he could stay no longer: whereupon the prisoner said he hoped he would pay the reckoning before he went; which he refusing, the prisoner would not let him go out; that the prosecutor threw up the sash and would have gone out at the window, but the prisoner pulled him down; upon which the prosecutor struck the prisoner in the face, and he struck the prosecutor again; and threw his head in his face, upon which he put his head out at the window and cry'd out murder. it appear'd by the prosecutor's evidence that he had received the 30 guineas mentioned in the indictment that morning, and had not been at home since; that he had been at 3 or 4 places since he saw his guineas before he came into the prisoner's company; though he did not miss them till he went out of it. and there was one evidence deposed that he heard the prosecutor say, that he verily believed the prisoner had not his money, and if he would give him a bond to indemnifie him, he would not prosecute. the jury considering the whole matter acquitted him. grace cooper, of st. andrews holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a napkin, 2 china tea-pots a sugar-dish and cover, a slop bason, a milk pot 8 dishes 9 saucers, and other china wares, the goods of john hayward, on the 29th of april last. the prosecutor deposed that he lost the goods mentioned in the indictment, and found them the next day at mr. maund's in pye corner, mrs. maund deposed, that the prisoner(who lived within a door or two of her as a servant, and was turn'd away from her place but that morning) brought the goods to her, desiring her to take care of them, and told her that they belong'd to a friend of hers that was burnt out at holbourn bridge; that she came again at night to fetch them away, when she asked what her friend's name was, which the prisoner refusing to tell, made her suspect her; whereupon she deliver'd part of them to her(and kept some to see if she could find the right owner) and sent her kinsman to see where she carried them; that she went down to holbourn bridge, where the fire was, to enquire, and they were owned by the prosecutor. mrs. maund's kinsman deposed that he followed her to a pawnbroker's in barbakin, where she offer'd to pawn them, who questioning her he appeared and told the pawnbroker he believed she did not come honestly by them; that he followed her thence to saffron hill, where he had her secured. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. joseph hill, of st. james at clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing an ax value 2 s. and a hammer value 2 s. the goods of john oakley, on the 24th of may last. it appeared that the prisoner came up to make hay, and took the goods out of the white lyon inn yard at islington. the jury found him guilty. transportation. john newman, of st. john at hackney, was indicted for feloniously stealing divers table cloths, towels, aprons, pillowbears,&c. the goods of mary clarke and other persons, on the 2d of june last. it appeared that the prosecutor lives at shackelwell, and takes in washing; and that the goods mentioned in the indictment were hung in her garden to dry; that the prisoner got in, took them off the bushes and threw them over the hedge into the field, and went round and took them up, but being seen, was follow'd; which he perceiving, threw the goods down in a ditch and ran the length of two fields, where he was stopt by a brook and taken. the prisoner in his defence said that he took up 6 cloths in the fields, and the prosecutor following him, he told her if they were hers she might have them; that he had taken a great house in hendon parish, which was now repairing; that he was crasy sometimes, and had been lunatick this twelve-month: but called none to prove it. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john hunt, of st. andrews holbourn, was indicted for counterfeiting and forging a six penny stamp or mark for stamping paper, parchment, or vellum, with an intent to defraud the king thereby, contrary to the statutes of the 5th and 9th of king william, and other subsequent acts of parliament. richard price deposed that he is a graver, and that the prisoner brought him a steal punch and a piece of parchment, with the draught of a rose and crown and garter done by a pen and ink; that the prisoner agreed with him to grave the said draught on the said steal punch, and ordered him to leave a space at the bottom, and when he had done the rest, he would tell him what he should grave there; that when he had done the draught, the prisoner told him that he must put vi pence at the bottom, and staid by him while he did it, that it was about a fortnight before it was done, and the prisoner agreed with him for 25 s. that he had 1 s. before he began, 10 s. while doing it, and a note for 10 s. more when he took it away, which was the same day he was taken. henry clay deposed, that they having information of the matter at the stamp office, he was sent to take the prisoner, who he follow'd into the roe buck, at the corner of tibbolds row; that the prisoner(pulling the stamp out of his pocket) said, what, do you detain me for this stamp? i had it made only to stamp a copy of two deeds that were burnt. and gave it to him. mr. hopkins and mr. bott deposed, that they were present at the alehouse with mr. clay and the prisoner, and confirmed mr. clay's evidence. the stamp was produced in court, and swore to be the same the prisoner deliver'd to mr clay, and the same same that price made for him. mr. rolles deposed, that it was a perfect resemblance of their six penny stamp. the prisoner in his defence said, that he never made any use or is, neither did he intend it: and called several to his reputation, some who had dealt with him, and others who knew him very well, and gave him the character of an honest and industrious man; that he has a wife and eight children, and is now reduced. the fact being fully proved, the jury found him guilty,( death.) and at the same time recommended him to the mercy of the court, in consideration of his wife and children. gilbert beard, of st. john at hackney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a linnen shirt value 4 s. the goods of daniel fowler on the 14th of may last. the prosecutor deposed that he came into his house and called for a pint of drink, went into the next room and took the shirt and went away with it; that he followed him and found it in his bosom. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. william armstrong of st. margarets westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a holland shirt value 5 s. a muslin neckcloth value 3 s. and 2 pair of worsted stockings value 6 s. the goods of joshua laney, one the 1st of february last. but the evidence not being sufficient the jury acquitted him. aaron richards of the parish of bedfont in middlesex, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 pound of bread value 1 d. 2 ounces of butter value 1 d. 2 ounces of tobacco value 2 d. and 2 combs value 8 d. the goods of james ives, on the 10th of may last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. the tryals being over, the court proceeded to give judment as followeth; receiv'd sentence of death. 3. john lewis, mary speerman, and john hunt. burnt in the hand 2. james smith and ann cook, the last formerly convicted. to be transported. 11. mary higgins, charles cauthorn, eliz alexander, grace cooper, eliz hall, john grey, joseph hill, john newman, gilbert beard, william boswell, john boswell. to be whipt, 4. thomas jones, william cox, john wilson, lewis goleston. williams cullum, fined 40 s. and to suffer one months imprisonment. john bailey, fined 13s. 4 d. linch scarriot, formerly convicted, fined 20 s. advertisements. lately publish'd, the 6th edition with additions of, youth's introduction to trade and business: containing i. tables of the most usual clerk-like contradictions of words; a collection of english words alike in sound, but different in signification; with proper directions how to address to persons of elevated rank, and those in office. ii. acquittances and promissory notes diversified, and adapted to such circumstances as occur in real business iii. variety of bills of parcels, and bills on book debts, to enter the learner in the manner and methods of commerce, and to make him ready at computation. iv. bills of exchange, with directions necessary for the right understanding and management of remittances; several orders for goods, letters of credit, invoyces, and other merchants like examples. v. authentick forms of such law-proceedings, as are most frequently to be met with, in course of traffick. vi. a collection of questions, to exemplify the common rules of arithmetick, and to reduce them to practice. for the use of schools. done upon the plan of the late col. ayre's essay, by m. clare, school-master in soho square, london. with whom youth may board and be fitted for business. price 2s. printed for ed symon, at the corner of pope's-head-alley in cornhill. a water that perfectly cures the itch, or any itching humour in a few days, without necessity of purging or the dangerous use of mercury, price 1 s. 6 d. is only prepared and sold by a. downing chymist at the crown and ball in george court in st. john's lane by hitch hall near west-smithfield. where also may be had, the best spirits of scurvy-grass, by wholesale or retale at 8 d. a bottle. a most effectual remedy for the violent pain in the teeth, price 1 s. also a most excellent remedy for preserving the teeth and clearing them from the scurvy, price 2 s. the following books are given gratia. 1st, the practical scheme of the secret disease and broken constitutions, by fast living, former ill cures, salivations and mercury,--2ly, the new system of the gout and rheumatism, drawn from reason anatomical observations and experience,--3ly. a rational account of the cause, nature, and cure of weaknesses usually attending persons after former cures, over-strainings, self-abuses, hard labours, miscarriages,&c. whereas is given a full account of the horrid nature, and most miserable consequences of self-abuses in particulars. these books(all new editions) are given gratis up one pair of stairs at the sign of the anodyne. necklace, without temple-bar. at mr. cowpers toy shop the corner of charles court by hungerford-market in the strand. and at mrs. garraway's shop at the king's arms at the royal exchange-gate next cornhill. some books printed for and sold by edmund parker at the bible and crown in lombard street, near stocks market. england's perfect school-master; with directions for exact spelling, reading, writing and arithmetick. shewing how to spell or read any chapter in the bible by four and twenty words only, with examples of most words from one to six syllables, both in whole words, and also divided: with rules how to spell them. al o how to spell all such words which are alike in sound, yet different in their sense and spelling. together with the true meaning and use of all stops and points, to be observed by all that would read and write well. with a table of orthography, shewing how to write true english: with several copies of the most usual hands engraven in copper. as also variety of pieces in english verse on the most remarkable passages mention'd in scripture; very useful for writing schools. lastly, direction for writing of letters, acquittances, bills of exchange, bills of parcels, bills of debt, bonds, etc. how to state accompts aright,&c. by nathaniel strong, late school master in london. the tenth edition, corrected and much enlarged. a rich treasure at an easy rate: or, the ready way to true content. a short and pleasant discourse, manifestly shewing how inconsistent riches is with piety usually, and how opposite poverty is often. together with the happy agreement and conjunction of honest labour, real godliness, and soul content. the preacher sought to find out acceptable words(words of delight) and thus which was written was upright, even words of truth, eccles. 10,12. omne tulit panctum, qui miscuit utile dulci. the third edition. price 6 d. aesop's fables, with morals and reflections, as improved by sir roger l'estrange, done into variety of english verse. illustrated with cuts curiously engraved on copper plates. very useful to divert and instruct young gentlemen and ladies in the conduct of human life. the fourth edition. price bound 2 s. 6 d. arithmetick made easie, according to the new method now taught and practis'd in london. wherein the rules of that necessary art are briefly explain'd, and illustrated with such familiar examples as may suit the meanest capacity, if they desire to learn it. to which is added a succinct treatise of decimal fractions, with compleat tables, rules and examples demonstrating the same. the like not extant in any other treatise of this nature. the fourth edition. by johns copeland, writing-master. price bound 1 s. maximum in minimo: or. mr. jeremiah rich's pens dexterity completed, being the plainest and easiest method of writing short-hand. to which are added. the terms of the law complete in characters at length, being of great use to all lawyers and others who take tryals at large in courts. never done till now. by samuel botley. the whole continously engrav'd on thirty copper plates. pr. i s. 6 d."	9220
"OBC2-17200907"	"THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, AND Oyer and Terminer, and Goal-Delivery of Newgate, held for the CITY of London, and COUNTY of Middlesex, at Justice-Hall in the Old Bayly, ON Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, being the 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th of this Instant September, 1720. In the Seventh Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. 19. Sept. 1720. BEFORE the Right Honorable Sir GEORGE THOROLD, Kt. and Baronet, Lord Mayor of the City of London; Mr. Justice Fortesque, Sir William Thompson, Kt. Recorder; John Raby, Esq; Deputy Recorder; and several of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, and County of Middlesex. The Jurors Names were as followeth: London Jury. Edward Jarman, Thomas Tidmarsh, John Bache, Thomas Tax, George Dawson, William Collins, James Thompson, William Taylor, Henry Hatton, Charles Young William King, John Slater, Middlesex Jury. Robert Kent, John Hinton, William Atlee, Francis Taylor, Arthur Simpson, Christopher Gray, Samuel Fish, Thomas Corbett, William Berchett, Adrian Westerbourn, John Mason, John Cordwell. Michael Vine, of St. Mary Le Bow, was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief value 2 s. from the Person of James Cooper, on the 29th of July last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner and another jostled him and past by, that he had a suspicion of them and afterwards found them as making Water; that the Prisoner kept close to him, and he feeling of him draw his Handkerchief out of his Pocket at the end of Bow-Lane, took him by the Collar and found it in his Hand-before he could put it up. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and said he was prosecuted out of an old Grudge: but could not prove it or call any to his Reputation. The Jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Tracey of St. Botolph without Bishopsgate, was indicted for privately stealing 13 pound weight of Copper value 13 s. out of the Shop of Andrew Niblett, on the 7th of July last. But the Evidence not being Sufficient the Jury acquitted him. Alice Thompson, of St. Brides, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Silver Tea Spoons, 4 Damask Napkins, a Tablecloth,&c. the Goods of Thomas Partington; and a Holland Apron, a Holland Shift, and a Diamond Spark, the Goods of Abigail Partington, on the 25th of August last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner had been his Servant about 3 Weeks, and that he mist his Spoons. Abigail Partington deposed that she found one of the Spoons and some of the Linnen in the Prisoner's Box in her Chamber, and the other Spoon and the rest of the Goods in the Prisoner's Trunk which she had left at a House on Ludgate-Hill. The Constable deposed that he saw the Prisoner open her Trunk with her own Key, and take out the Spoon and other Goods as before. The Goods were produc'd in Court and swore to by the Prosecutor. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that she took them through a mistake, and called several to her Reputation, who gave her a good Character. The Jury considering the matter, found her Guilty to the value of 4 s. and 10. Transportation. John Richardson, of St. Michael at Queenhith, was indicted for feloniously stealing 8 Holland Shifts, 5 Aprons, 3 Suits of Headclothes, 3 pair of Muslin Ruffles, and divers other Goods to the value of 5 l, the Goods of Philip Godby, in the Dwelling House of John Wood on the 1st of August last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury acquitted him. John Bates and Valentine Coultson, of St. Brides, were indicted for privately stealing a Silver Watch value 20 s. from the Person of Thomas Barr, on the 1st of August last. The Prosecutor deposed that he was in Company with the Prisoners at the Sign of the Cock, and fell asleep; that when he wak'd his Watch was gone, but could not swear either of the Prisoners had it; whereupon the Jury Acquitted them. Ann Mason, of St. Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Muslin Apron, a Silk Handkerchief, a Suit of Headclothes, a piece of Gold call'd a Jacobus, 5 pieces of old Silver value 5 s. and 19 s. in Money, on the Dwelling House of John Usher on the 1st of March last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner was his Servant, and that he having lost Money several times suspected her, whereupon he went to Susan Ashton(who recommended her to him) to acquaint her with it, and she came to his House, searcht the Prisoner and ript the piece of Gold out of her Petticoat where it had been sewed up; that he found 2 pieces of the old Silver at Mr. Waters's where she had sold them; that there were two pieces of Gold lay together, and that she told him she took but one of them because the other had a Hole in it, and she was afraid it would not pass. Susannah Ashton confirmed the Doctor's coming to her and her going with him, and ripping a piece of Gold and a Shilling out of her Petticoat; and farther deposed that the Prisoner owned that the Broad Piece was the Doctor's. Mr. Waters deposed that the Prosecutor found a 6 d. of K. Charles l. and a Groat of K. Henry VIII. in his Glass, and said they were his, and gave him a shilling for them again, Thomas Wells deposed, that one Ann Mason brought an Apron and a suit of Headclothes to him, but could not swear the Prisoner was the Person. The Prisoner deny'd the Fact, and said the Prosecutor had wrong'd her of 13 l. and call'd an Officer who deposed that he had arrested the Prosecutor in July last for 10 l. at the Prisoners Suit. Another deposed that he ask'd the Prosecutor why he did not serve the Warrant on her before, having taken it out 5 Months ago: to which the Prosecutor being call'd to answer reply'd, that he was\ in\ form'd by the Justice that he might do it when he pleased, and that he had not done it now but that he was\ in\ form'd that she was got into an ill Gang, some of which have been already Executed, and he was afraid of having his House broke open by her and her Accomplices. The Jury considering the whole matter found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Nicholas Robinson, of St. Sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing 19 Guineas and 1 s. the Money of John Egglinton, in the Dwelling House of Richard Stanton, on the 7th of August last. But the Evidence nor being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Margaret Alshear, of St. Brides, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Spoon value 13 s. the Goods of John Taylor, on the 21st of July last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Joseph Birch, of St. Giles without Cripplegate, was indicted for feloniously stealing 32 Pieces of Upper-Leathers for Shoes, value 10 s. the Goods of Laurence James, on the 22d of July last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner came to lodge with him by the Name of Bryon, and did some Work; that he lost 16 pair of Upper-Leathers, and found three pair of them on the Prisoner, who then told him that he gave a Fellow 9 d. for selling the other 13 pair. Two others confirmed the taking the 3 pair upon him. The Prisoner denied the Fact, but called none to his Reputation. The Jury considering the matter found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Elizabeth Jerrom, of St. Sepulchers, was indicted for privately stealing 6 Guineas and an Half, and 8 s. 6 d. in Money, from the Person of Robert Stafford, on the 2d of this Instant September. The Prosecutor deposed, that he had been Merry-making, and going home he met the Prisoner in Chick Lane, and askt her the way to such a Place; she told him if he would give her a Mugg she would shew him; that he went into a House with her, had several Muggs of Beer and paid for them; that his Money was in his Pocket before, but when he came out it was all gone; that there was another Woman in Company, and that he could not tell certainly when he lost it. Abraham Browning deposed, that he is a Watchman in Chick Lane, and saw two Women run down; that the Prosecutor came after grumbling for the Loss of his Money; that the Prisoner came back again and the Prosecutor charged him with her, whereupon he carried them to the Compter. The Prisoner in her Defence said that she was going of an Errand, and the Prosecutor met her and said he would give her a Pint or two of Wine; that he shoved her headlong into a Brandy-Shop, call'd for quartern of Brandy, then a Bottle of China Ale, then more Brandy, and Ale for 3 or 4 Times one after another; that another Woman came in, and he call'd for a quartern of Usquebaugh, let down his Breaches, pull'd up his Shirt, and bid them see what he had got; that the other Woman asked him to go with her to her Lodgings; that he went out with her, and she(the Prisoner) went after; that she would have gone sooner, but the Prosecutor held the Door and would not let her. She called several to her Reputation who gave her the Character of a very Honest Woman, that they had entrusted her and always found her so. The Jury considering the matter Acquitted her. John Sparks of St. Brides was indicted for a Felony in taking to Wife, his first Wife Elizabeth Cook being then living. Alexander Lieth deposed, that he married the Prisoner to Elizabeth Cook, Widow, at St. Paul's Church in Bedford on the 11 th of September in the 12th of Queen Ann, and that she was still living, for he dined with her this very Day. Two Evidences appeared to prove the second Marriage, One deposed that he gave D- M- in Marriage to the Prisoner on the 28th of February last; and another, who deposed that she was present at the same time and saw them married. The Fact being thus fully proved, the Jury found him Guilty. Burnt in the Hand. Thomas Higden, of St. Brides, was indicted for feloniously stealing 4 Brass Pulleys 50 Pound Weight of Lead and an Iron Case, in all to the value of 40 s. the Goods of the Governor and Company of the New-River-Water, on the 27th of July last. Thomas Austin deposed, that he put the Goods up after 8 a Clock at Night, and the next Morning they were gone; that they were afterwards found on the Prisoner. James Tuttle deposed, that the Prisoner brought 2 Pulleys to his Shop to sell, went for two more, at Night brought Iron and Lead, whereupon he stopt him. The Goods were produc'd in Court and Swore by Mr. Witherell to be the Company's. The Prisoner deny'd the Fact, but called none to his Reputation. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Thomas Grant, of St.Bennet Gracechruch, was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief value 3 s. from the Person of Zachary Polock, on the 15 th of July last. The Prosecutor deposed, that going by Lombard-street he felt a Hand in his Pocket, whereupon he turn'd short, and seized the Prisoner with his Handkerchief in his Hand. The Prisoner denied the Fact but called none to his Reputation. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. James Norris, of St. Andrew Holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Tankard value 6l. in the Dwelling House of Joseph Brewer, on the 22d of August last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner came into his House( the Raven in Fetter-Lane) about 3 a Clock in the Afternoon, and call'd for a Tankard of Beer; that he removed to another Room further in the Yard, and thence went off with the Tankard, throwing the Drink on the Ground; that he being immediately told of it, pursued and took him, threw him on his Back and found the Tankard in his Breeches. John Haynes deposed, that he acquainted the Prosecutor that the Prisoner was gone, and went with the Prosecutor in pursuit of him, and saw him throw him on his Back and take the Tankard out of his Breeches. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he met a Man who asked him to go to drink, and that he went out to make Water, and coming in again the other Man put the Tankard into his Hand, but called no body to prove it, nor any to his Reputation, and this trifling excuse not availing any thing, the Jury found him Guilty. Death. Samuel Bonnet and Mary his Wife, of St. Brides, were indicted for feloniously stealing a Guinea, the Property of William Booth, on the 31st of August last. Margaret Booth deposed, that on Wednesday the 29th of August, she sent her Trunk by a Porter with her Maid to Mr. Bonnets; that she went and lay there her self, and put 22 Guineas and a half and a Bank Bill of 50 l. into her Trunk when it was in his House, that he bid her let it stand in his Room for safety, that the Hasp of the Trunk was broke, and one of the Guineas and the Bank Note(which was tied up close in a Handkerchief) was taken out. The Prosecutor's Maid deposed, that she put the Money and the Bill into the Trunk, and that she told the Money twice over; that she went to the Trunk on Wednesday Night for some Nutmegs, that then the Handkerchief was tied up close, and she lockt the Trunk again, that the next Morning(Thursday) her Mistress sent her for a Guinea, and when she came to the Trunk she found the Hasp broke off, the Handkerchief open, a Guinea and the Bill gone, and the Nutmegs tumbled out of the Paper they were in, to the bottom of the Trunk; upon which being surprised she told Mr. Bonnet,(who was then in Bed in the same Room) who bid her not tell her Mistress, he would rise and look for the Bill; but she told her Mistress. That afterwards he told her he let a Man lie down there on Thursday in the Afternoon, and he might take it; and that if her Mistress had come to him civilly he would have look'd for the Bill, but now she should not have it again. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and told a long story which turned rather to his Disadvantage than service, as how Margaret Booth should come to him and tell him that her Husband Jackson was to be tried for the High-Way, and every thing would be seized; that she was acquainted with High-way Men and House Breakers, and he let her bring in a Load of Goods worth above 100 l. and a large Box of Plate,&c. and called Dorothy Groves to discredit what had been swore against him, who deposed that she heard the Prosecutor's Maid say, that the Hasp of the Trunk was broke, and believed that her Mistress had got Drunk and lost the Bill: he also called a great many to his Reputation who gave him the Character of a very civil Neighbour, but could not tell how he lived. The Jury considering the whole matter, Acquitted Mary; and found Samuel Bonnet Guilty. Transportation. Henry Emmery of St. Andrew Undershaft, was indicted for privately stealing 4 pair of Pistols value 14 l. a Musquetoon, value 1 l. and other Goods, out of the Shop of Francis Smart, on the 2d of June last. The Prosecutor deposed that his Shop had been robb'd several times, and the Father of a Woman whom the Prisoner kept came and told him that two pair of his Pistols were pawn'd at the Katharine Wheel in Blackman Street, where he heard of them; that he valued them at 5 l. Charles Biew deposed that the Prisoner brought those Pistols to him desiring him to lend him 25 s. on them; that he had some suspicion of him, but having known him a great while did let him have 15 s. that he found F. Smart graved on them(whom he knew, and intended to have called on him the first Opportunity, if he had not come to him) that he asked the Prisoner where he had them, who told him of Capt. Smart for Sword Scabbards; he said surely it is not so low with the Captain as to make you take Pistols for your Scabbards; the Prisoner answered, Yes it was, and if the Captain was not broke it was little better. That the same Night he pawned them, he(the Prisoner) stole all the Weights out of his(this Evidence's) Shop, and gave them to his Whore who betrayed him. Robert Garrard deposed that the Pistols produced in Court were his Master's(the Prosecutor's) and lost out of his Shop. The Prisoner's Confession before the Justice,(which was very full) was read in Court, and he having nothing to say for himself, the Jury found him Guilty. Death. Mary Fitzwater and Margaret Bloomer of St. Brides, were indicted for privately Stealing 20 Guineas and 3 l. in Money from the Person of John Norris, on the 30th of August last: But no Evidence appearing against her, she was Acquitted. Hester Quill, of St. Botolph without Aldgate, was indicted for Privately stealing 7 Guineas from the Person of Thomas Bugg, on the 30th of November last. The Prosecutor deposed that as he was going along he saw the Prisoner standing by Dukes Place about 7 a Clock, who carry'd him to the Standard Tavern in the Minories; that before he went into the Tavern he stopt under pretence of making Water, and put 7 Guineas in his Fobb under his Watch, that then they went into a little Room together and drank a pint of Wine; that by her Discourse he found she knew several in George Yard, particularly Mr. Mitchel who he also knew; that he felt her hand very busy about his Breeches, and that she drew his Watch out, but it being fasten'd to his Pocket she could not carry it off; that he put his Watch into his Pocket again, but did not then think of his Guineas that were in a Paper under it, that she made an excuse to the Vault, and said, that he might not fear her coming again, she would leave a shilling and her Gloves on the Table to answer the Reckoning: but she staying a long while he called the Drawer and askt where she was, who told him that she was gone, then he paid the Reckoning and went also; and when he was got a little way from the House he mist his Money, whereupon he went back to the Tavern to enquire if they knew who she was, but they told him they did not. The Prosecutor being ask'd if he knew the Prisoner before, and why he did not prosecute her sooner; said that he knew her by going by his Door frequently; but was ashamed to appear in Court to prosecute her. Mr. Russel deposed that the Prosecutor is his Tenant, and told him 5 or 6 Months ago that the Prisoner had pickt his Pocket of 7 Guineas, but that he did not care to expose himself. The Prisoner denied the Fact, or that she ever was in his Company, and said that she had that very Day(being St. Andrew's) taken two Rooms next Door to the Prosecutor, and had some Friends who supt with her at home that Night, and was not out; but she hearing that the Prosecutor had raised this false Report upon her, and his Wife had flouted at her as she past by, saying I love a Whore, but I hate a Pick Pocket Whore: she Arrested him the Saturday before to clear her Reputation, and on the Monday he brought this Prosecution; and called the following Evidence to prove it, Her Landlord deposed, that she took Rooms of him about a Month before Christmas, but could not be positive to the Day. Another deposed, that he and some Friends supt with her that Night(he was sure it was St. Andrew's) at her Lodgings, that he went between 4 and 5 and staid till past 10, that the Prisoner was at Home all the while, and he left her there. Another Evidence deposed, that the Prosecutor came to Mr. Mitchel's in George Yard, and enquired for one Elizabeth Boyce, but they knowing no such Person, he described her, saying she was very much Pock-broken, Red Hair, her Eyes black with beating and a cut cross her Nose, and said that she had pickt his Pocket of Seven Guineas the Night before, at the Standard Tavern. Mr. Mitchel's Servant confirmed the last Evidence in every particular: She likewise called several to her Reputation, who gave her a very good Character. It was also observed that if the Prosecutor knew her so well, and saw her so often, he need not have gone back to the Tavern to enquire who she was, nor elsewhere next Day and describe a Person the very reverse of the Prisoner. The Jury looking upon it to be a base Prosecution, acquitted her, and the Court granted her a Copy of her Indictment. Richard Richards and Henry Bowman of St. Paul at Shadwell, were indicted for feloniously stealing 3 Pound 4 Ounces of Raw Silk value 3 l. 10 s. the Goods of William Gumley on the 25th of July last. Patrick Coppinger deposed that there were 30 Bales taken our of the Italian Merchant and put aboard a Lighter, and that the Prisoners went into the Lighter to Pump her; that one of the Bales was cut open and the Goods taken out, which he found on Richard Richards in his Breeches, who said it was the first time. Roger Cook confirmed the former Evidence. The Prisoner in his Defence said that he found it loose in the Lighter; and that Bowman knew nothing of the matter. The Jury Acquitted Bowman, and found Richards Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. William Wade, of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing 5 Pewter Plates value 3 s. the Goods of James Moody, on the 1st of August last. Ellin Skillicorn deposed that the Prisoner came in and askt for Half a Pint of Stout, and while she was gone to draw it, she heard the Plates rattle; whereupon she came up without staying to draw the Drink, and saw the Prisoner leap off the Dresser, where, she found the Plates in the Prisoner's Bag. The Plates and Bag were produced in Court, and the Plates owned by the Prosecutor. The Prisoner said he laid his Bag on the Dresser and the Plates were under it. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Thomas Parker. of St. Mary in the Savoy, was indicted for feloniously stealing 4 Saws, 1 Hatchet 2 Plains, 3 Chissels, 1 Box Rule,&c. the Goods of Robert Blomley. It appeared that the Prisoner took the Tools out of the New Church in the Strand, and was taken disposing of some of them, and confest where he had disposed of the rest. The Jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Ann Rowe, of St. Clements Danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 Holland Shirt, 2. Handkerchiefs and 12 Guineas, in the Dwelling-House of John Calfe, on the 4th of August last. Susannah Calfe deposed, that the Prisoner came to live with her about the 9th of July last, and that she lost her Money out of her Desk, where there was near 200 l. and that mentioned in the Indictment in a little Bag by itself; that she charged the Prisoner with taking 12 pieces of Gold, who confessed it, and gave her Eleven Guineas and an Half again. John Ratford deposed, that he was sent for and present when she confest it, and saw her give her Mistress 8 Guineas, 7 half Guineas and a half Broad Piece, which she called a Spanish piece. The Prisoner had nothing to say for her self, nor any to her Reputation. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. John Mayling, of Wilson in Middlesex, was indicted for the Murder of Thomas Corral, by Kicking, Beating, Wounding, and Bruising of him on the Right Groin, of which he instantly died. He was indicted a second time on the Coroner's inquest for the same. Lamb Dyson deposed that they were Haymakers and going to Dinner the Prisoner took up a little Rake which lay on the Ground, and told his Wife she should have it, for it was light and fit for her; whereupon the Deceased said, No, she should not have it, and twitcht it out of his Hand, and was going to strike him; but the Prisoner tript up his Heels and kickt him; and that he lived about a quarter of an Hour. William Whitmore deposed that the Deceased said that's my Wife's Rake, you shan't have it; struck at the Prisoner, followed him, and swore he would cleave him with the Rake; and then the Prisoner tript him up; and that the Deceased was sickly. Richard Cole deposed that he saw the Deceased strike the Prisoner over the Head and Shoulders with a Rake, whereupon the Prisoner tript him up and gave him a Kick. Edward Cole and John Richardson confirmed the last Evidence. Mr. Nichols deposed that he opened him and found a Bruise a little above him Groin, which he believed was the Occasion of his Death. The Prisoner in his Defence pleaded, that the Deceased threatned to Split his Scull; that he did not intend him any Mischief, and called several to his Reputation, who gave him the Character of a quiet, Orderly, Well-behaved-Man; it also appeared that there was no Grudge between them; that the Deceased Assaulted him first, and went home ill from his Work the Day before. The Jury considering the whole matter, brought him in not Guilty. Elizabeth Catlin, of St. James in Westminster, was indicted for the Murder of her Male Bastard Child, on the 10th of July last, by putting it under a quantity of Coals, by which means it was strangled. She was indicted a second time on the Coroner's Inquest for the same. Sarah Reeves deposed, that the Prisoner was recommended to her to clean her House till she could get a Servant, that she suspecting her, asked her if she was not with Child, but she denied that she was, and said she had a Fit of the Collick by eating Cabbage; whereupon she gave her a Glass of Snake-Root, that she went out and came home again, when the Prisoner said she was better; that perceiving a great deal of Wet, and asking the Prisoner what it was she said the Cat had thrown down the Chamber-Pot, but her Sister had been there and Mopt it up; that the Prisoner still lay on the Bed, and denied that the she was in Labour or had been; that she sent for a Midwife; searcht, and found a Child in the Coal Vault; that another brought it up and laid it on the Dresser; and that she saw no Marks of Violence about it. Mary Catlin deposed, that her Sister sent for her about Noon; that she went to her; but her Master and Mistress being at Dinner and to go out so soon as they had Dined, she could not stay; that she went to her again and found her on the Bed; that she found the Child in the Coal Vault and brought it to the Dresser, did not hear it cry, and being in a great Surprise could not tell whether it was alive or dead. Elizabeth Rutland deposed, that she was sent for, that the Prisoner's Sister brought the Child out of the Vault, that she viewed it, saw no Marks of Violence; and that the Prisoner said she had made Provision for it. Martha Stone deposed, that she was sent for, viewed the Child, saw no Marks of Violence and could not tell whether it was born alive, but believes it might be kill'd in the Birth. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that she did not think she had been so near her Time, and designed to have gone into the Country to lie-in at her Mother's, that she had made some Provision for it, and had not time to make more; and that she was deliver'd alone. Some Child Linnen was produced in Court, and s ore to be the Prisoner's for that use. The Jury considering the whole matter acquitted her. George Brancom and Sarah his Wife, of St. Giles without Cripplegate, were indicted for feloniously stealing a stuff Gown and Petticoat, a Callicoe Frock, a Shift, Scarf and Cap, in all to the value of 18 s and 4 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of Frances Moleton, on the 17th of April last. The Prosecutor deposed that she lost her Goods and Money; and that the Prisoner George carried her to the three Bails in Hounsditch where he had pawn'd them, that she redeemed them for 6 s. and he promised to make her amends: the Evidence nor affecting Sarah, the Jury Acquitted her; and found George Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Mary Harris, of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for privately stealing two Guineas from the Person of Richard Raper, on the 24th of August last. The Prosecutor deposed that going out about 8 a Clock the Evening aforesaid with some Friends they went into an Alehouse with the Prisoner, and after they had drank a good while he and the Prisoner went up Stairs by themselves; that he had the Guineas when he went up, and mist them in the Room, but the Prisoner was gone first. One who was drinking in Company with him below Stairs deposed that he heard the Prisoner own that she had pickt the Prosecutor's Pocket, and that the Man of the house shared the Money and gave the Prisoner 5 s. of it. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that the Woman of the House bid her get the two Guineas from him, and then took them from her. The Jury considering the matter found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Katharine Waters, of St. Margaret's Westminster, was indicted for privately stealing 2 Half Guineas, and 8 s. in Money from the Person of Evan Scipiers, on the 4th of this Instant September. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner came to look after his Wife, who was sick, and died that Day; that the Prisoner pickt his Pocket of all he had, viz. 2 Half Guineas, 2 Half Crowns, and 3 Queen Ann's Shillings wrapt up in a piece of Brown Paper, in his own Room; and that he took her Hand in his Pocket. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and in her Defence said, that when his Wife was dead he went out at 12 a Clock at Night to fetch 3 Full-Pots of Drink and a Quart of All-Fours and staid till 4 in the Morning; carried her into his Room to shew her his Wives Clothes, and said he would give them all to her; that he sat down on the Bed, pull'd and hal'd her about, threw her down, and would have her lie on the Bed with him. It appeared that he was so drunk when he went before the Justice, that he would not give him his Oath that Night, but bid him come again the next Morning when he might better know what he did. The Jury considering the matter her. Acquitted Robert Jackson, of Paddington, was indicted for Assaulting John Andrews on the High Way, putting him in Fear, and taking from him a Silver Watch and Seal value 4 l. 10 s. and 1 s. in Money on the 15th of August last. The Prosecutor deposed that coming from Layton Buzzard in Bedfordshire with 2 Friends, he saw the Prisoner at the White Lion at Paddington, who rode with them near to Tyburn, and then clapt a Pistol to his Breast and Robbed him; that hearing one was taken up for Robbing on such a Mare, he went to the Gate House and saw him, and to the Stable in the Hay Market, to see the Mare; that he is sure the Prisoner is the same Person who Robbed him, and that he rode the same Mare when he committed the Fact. Mr. Bedcott deposed, that he came along with the Prosecutor, and had a Child before him, that at the Place aforesaid the Prisoner clapt a Pistol to the Child's Head and said to this Evidence, G- d D- n you, stand and deliver your Money and Watch; and that he saw the Prisoner clap a Pistol to the Prosecutor's Breast, and take his Watch; that he is sure the Prisoner is the same Person. Mr. Glenister deposed, that he was coming about that time the same Road with a Charge of Money about him and one like the Prisoner rid a side of him some time, then crost a Head of him and bid him stand; but he knowing the Goodness of his Breast turn'd about, clapt Spurs and rode back to Paddington but could not be positive the Prisoner was the same Person. Mr. Chasin deposed, that he keeps the White Horse Inn in the Hay Market, and going into his Stable and seeing the Prisoner's Mare there in a trembling Condition, and answering the Description he had heard of one that was on the Road, enquired for the Owner, and laid wait for him against he came in and took him going into the Stable; that he clapt a pistol to his Breast which did not go off, when he Apprehended him, and another was found about him loaded. The Prisoner had nothing to say in his Defence but a bare denial of the Fact, which did not avail him against such positive Evidence. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. Edward Preston was indicted for privately stealing 2 Perriwigs value 4l. and 12 Ounces of Human Hair value 6 l. out of the Shop of Daniel Lord on the 24th of August last. It appeared that the Prisoner had been the Prosecutor's Servant about 11 Days, and went with him to Acton-Fair, but left his Master there, went home and took the Goods out of his Shop; and was taken offering them to Sale; when taken he owned on stole them from his Master. The Goods were produced in Court and owned by the Prosecutor. The Prisoner had nothing to say in his Defence nor any to his Reputation. The Jury considering the matter found him Guilty to the value of 4s. 10d. Transportation. Katharine Crompton, of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for privately stealing 5 pieces of Muslin value 7 l. out of the Shop of John Goodchild, on the 10th of August last. The Prosecutor's Servant deposed that the Prisoner came into the Shop and bought 1 Yard of Muslin, and said that she wanted a Quarter of a Yard of Striped Muslin; that he perceiving her take the Muslin, called the Maid down Stairs, and searching her, took a piece of Striped Muslin from under her Ridinghood, then carried her backward and found four pieces more of plain Muslin. Jane Ballard deposed that she was call'd by the former Evidence to bring down a Knife, and that she saw him take the 5 pieces of Muslin from the Prisoner as before deposed. John Goodchild confirmed the former Evidences. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and called several to her Reputation: but the Evidence being very full, the Jury found her Guilty. Death. Mary Woodward of St.Margaret's Westminster, was indicted for privately stealing a Half-Guinea From the Person of Robert Harvey,on the 1st of August last. But no Evidence appearing against her, she was Acquitted. John Everett of St. Mary White-Chapel was indicted for Assaulting Thomas Bird on the High-Way, putting him in Fear, and taking from him, 16s. in Money, on the 2d of July last. But the Evidence not being sufficient the Jury acquitted him. James Wilson and John Homer; were indicted for Assaulting George Herbert on the High-Way, putting him in Fear, and taking from him 11 Guineas and Half and 2 s. 6 d. in Money, on the 30th of August last. The Prosecutor deposed that he had received his wages due on the Queenborough, and at Chatham met the Prisoners and another, who came up to London with him, and would have had him gone to drink with them, but he refused; that at the End of Warwick-Lane they clapt two Pistols to his Breast, and took 11 Guineas and Half from him; that one of them was taken in Newgate-Market; that he was sure the Prisoners were two of them, for he knew them well having been with them 3 Days. Jonathan Wild deposed, that the Prisoner Wilson, the same Morning he was taken sent for him to the Compter, and told him that himself John Homer and William Field had committed a Robbery, that if he would endeavour to take the others, he would turn Evidence to save his own Life. Accordingly he went in search of them, but they kept out of the Way, till about a Week after William Field sent to him in order to be an Evidence, and said he would produce Homer, and several others for House-breaking and the High-Way. Accordingly he agreed to the same, and met him next Morning, when he took him to the White-Horse-Inn by Cripplegate, where he took Homer in Bed with a Woman. After some Threats he got up, and desired that he might be a Stag, he ask'd him the meaning of it, and he told him an Evidence; and that he could help him to 3 or 4 Foot-Pads. William Field deposed that himself and the Prisoners at the Bar went to Chatham with a design to break open Houses there, but things did not answer their Expectation, that the Prosecutor coming into the House where they were, they found he had plenty of Money, kept Company with him to Gravesend, thence by Water to London, where at Warwick-Lane end the Prisoners and himself committed the Fact, that Homer clapt a Pistol to the Prosecutor's Breast, and they took 11 Guineas and a Half snd Half a Crown from him. The Watchman deposed, the three Men ran along, and he hearing the Cry of Stop him, followed Wilson up Ivy Lane into the Market, and took him in a Corner thereof.- Hooper deposed, that he coming over the Market at that time laid hold of Wilson, who threw his Pistol under the Butcher's Shambles, and the former Evidence came up and they secured him. The Jury found them both Guilty. Death. Edward Wright and Mary Wright, of St. Botolph without Aldersgate, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing a Silver Watch and Case value 5 l. 6 yards of Flanders Lace, 10 yards of Lace, 6 yards of Lustring, 1 yard of Velvet, a Velvet Cap, 7 Moiders, 50 Guineas, 20 half Guineas and 20l. in Money, in the Dwelling House of Joseph Walker, on the 18th of July last. And Mary Wright as Accessary in receiving the same knowing them to be stole. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner Edward lived with him as a Servant, and that he mist Money and Goods several times, but there being others in the House could not charge him with it; at last he consulted with some Friends at the Tavern what to do, who advised him to mark his Money, which was done. and lockt up in his Drawer; that he broke open his Drawer and took out 5 of the Mark'd Guineas, he went up after him and finding his Drawer broke, came down and told his Son, who charged him with it, but he denied it, then he asked him what Money he had in his Pocket he at first said 18d. then three Guineas, then 5 Guineas, which he said he had of his Mother the Day before; but when he took them out of his Pocket they appear'd to be Five of the Mark'd Guineas, that he kept the Boy in, and got a Warrant to search his Mother's House before it should be blown, where he found several of his Goods, as a New Silver Watch which stuck out in her Bosom, and which he could swear to, fine Lace, Lustring, Velvet, a Book of Julius Caesar; that she ask'd Pardon, and hoped he would pardon her Son; that he brought them to her, and she could not help it now; that she askt her Son whether they would not be mist, and he said, No, there were such Quantities. Mr. Draper deposed, that the Prosecutor sent for him to the Tavern to consult how to detect the Thief, that he notcht the Guineas with a File just over the Head; 23 and an half, told them, put them into the Bag and Drawer, lay under the Bed in the same Room to watch, and made a Hole in the Basis to look through that he might not be discover'd by lifting it up; that the Prisoner came several times into the Room; that he was sent for when he was detected, and heard him own it and beg Pardon. Mr. Twinborough deposed, that he was at the Tavern when the Guineas were markt, and heard them agree, that Mr. Baker should lie under the Bed; that he heard the Boy say he was sorry he had done so; and confest he had wrong'd his Master of above 50 l. that his Mother got away, but was taken a gain. Joseph Walker Junior, confirm'd his Father's Evidence, and farther deposed that the Boy owned that he had taken at times above 60 l. Mr. Mountfort deposed that he was at the Tavern when the Guineas were mark'd, and at the Prosecutor's when the Boy was apprehended, and heard him confess the Fact of the Guineas,&c. and a piece of Lace. Elizabeth Lewis deposed, that Mary Wright brought her a piece of Lace and desired her to sell it for her, saying that it was a Person's in Prison, whose Wife was a Midwife, that she sold it to Mrs. Chapman by her Consent for 51 s. and gave her the Money; and that she afterwards sent to her to deny it if any should come to enquire after it. Ann Dorrel deposed she saw Mrs. Lewis pay the Prisoner for it. The Markt Guineas, Lace, and divers other things found on the Prisoners were produc'd in Court, and owned by the Prosecutor. And another Evidence deposed that the Boy said, he was drawn in by his Mother, who would not let him alone till he was Hang'd. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and made a Frivolous Defence; but it it being to fully proved upon them; the Jury found them both Guilty, Edward Wright as Principal, Death. And Mary Wright his Mother as Accessory. Transportation. Jane Stapleton, of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a pair of Bellows value 3 s. and a Cloth Coat value 3 s. the Goods of Nathaniel Laws, on the 23d of July last: But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Robert Mayo, alias Simmons, of St. Leonard Shoreditch, was indicted for breaking open the House of Simon Griffith in the Night time, and taking thence 500 Pins value 6 d. The Prosecutor deposed, that his House was broke and his Goods taken away, that he had a view of the Prisoner and was sure he was the Man. Another deposed, that he took the Pins upon the Prisoner, who said he found them in Bishopsgate-Street. John Rose deposed, that he found the Prisoner at the Prosecutor's Window, who seeing him, run away, that he called out and he was taken. Another deposed, he saw the Pins taken out of his Pocket, which were produced in Court and swore to: but the Evidence not being sufficient to prove the Burglary, the Jury Acquitted him of that, and found him guilty of Felony only. Transportation. George Dunn, of St. Brides was indicted for Assaulting Isaac Harris, and striking and bruising him on the Belly with a Musket on the 28th of July last, of which he languish'd till the 30th of the same Month and then died. It appeared that the Prisoner was a Corporal in the Foot Guards, and the Deceased a private Soldier in the same Company; and as they were Marching to the Tower the Deceased was very quarrelsom, changed his Ranks several times, trod on the Prisoner's Heels endeavour'd to trip him up in his March, and gave him very abusive Language; that the Prisoner desired him to be quiet; and the Deceased replied G-d d- n you, I will tread on your Heels; whereupon the Prisoner put his Piece against him to keep him back; that the Deceased had complained of a Bruise on the rim of his Belly before, which he said be got by falling against a Post. The Jury considering the matter Acquitted him. Sarah Miller of St. Giles Cripplegate was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Watch value 3 l. 3 Half Guineas and 11 s. 6 d. in Money, in the Dwelling House of William Huggins, on the 17th of August last. It appeared that the Prisoner was the Prosecutor's Servant, and took the Goods and Money out of his Box; that 2 Half Guineas were found in her Shoes, the rest upon her. The Jury considering the matter, found her Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Peter Wilson, of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Scotch-Cloth-Shirt 2 Half Shirts, a pair of Sleeves, a pair of Gloves, and 12 s. 6 d. in Money, the Goods and Money of James Williamson, on the 8th of August last. It appeared that the Prosecutor and the Prisoner lodged in the same House, and that the Prisoner took the Goods, which were found upon him in the Hay-Market, produced in Court, and swore to by the Prosecutor: his Confession before the Justice was also read in Court. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Tomlinson of St. Clements Danes, together with James Barry not yet taken, was indicted for Assaulting Thomas Elliot on the High-Way, putting him in Fear, and taking from him a Drugget Coat, a Neckcloth, a pair of Buckles, a pair of Silver Studs, and 1 Ounce of Silver Lace, on the 19th of August last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner and Barry laid hold on him in the Savoy-Yard, and had him to the Three Tents in Burleigh-Street to drink, then somewhere else, they led him through the Change, that he was in Drink, lost his Goods, and is sure the Prisoner was one of them; that he took him the Wednesday following, when the Prisoner owned he had his Coat, and said he threw it in the Street. James Thompson deposed, that the Prisoner and Barry were drinking in the Savoy when the Prosecutor came by; that he heard the Prisoner say he would follow him, and get his Coat and the rest of his things; that the Prisoner, Barry and a Woman followed him; and that the Prisoner brought the Coat to his(this Evidence's) Fellow Servant to sell. Richard Qualand deposed that he saw the Prisoner, Barry, Elliott and a Woman at the Three Tents. Another deposed, that the Prisoner and Barry brought the Prosecutor into the Three Texns, had a Pot of Drink and the Prisoner led him out again. Sarah Frost confirmed the last Evidence. The Prisoner denied the Fact, said the Prosecutor was dead drunk, but called none to his Reputation. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. Matth.ew Cheston, of Finchly, was indicted for a Misdemeanour in Assaulting Flexmore Dakins Esq, on the High Way, on the 12th of July last, with an Intent to rob him. Mr. Dakins deposed, that he coming from Barnet the Day aforesaid, met the Prisoner near Highgate, who by his riding seem'd intended to keep the Road, but did turn out of it Cursing and Swearing; that he turn'd and gallop'd after him(the Prosecutor) and cut him with his Whip; that he(the Prosecutor) whipt him again; whereupon the Prisoner clapt a Pistol to his Brest and said, G- d d- n you, Deliver; dismounted and took hold of the Reins of the Prosecutor's Horse, which gave him time to draw his Sword; that the Prisoner said if you do not put up your Sword and deliver, I will shoot you through the Head; but hearing the trampling of Horses coming up, the Prisoner said, if you will put up your Sword, I will put up my Pistol; which was done, and he threw himself off his Horse upon the Prisoner, and his Man came up and they secured him; that they found in his Pocket a Pistol, and a Stock to screw it on that would turn it into a Gun,(but the long Barrel that was to scrue on was not about him) Powder, Bullets, a Paper of Nails and two Moulds to cast Bullets in; that as he was dragging him along he ask him if he would carry him before Major Bealing; he answered him, Yes. Then he replied, G- d d- n you, I am sorry I did not shoot you through the Head. The Prosecutor's Servant deposed, that when he came up his Master had the Prisoner by the Collar and he got off his Horse to his Master's Assistance; that his Master ask'd the Prisoner for the Pistol he charged against him, but he denied it; that they took it from him and the other Arms, and the Prisoner dropt a Bullet Mould; that they carried him to Mr. Horton's, sent for a Constable, and had him before Justice Bealing. The Pistol(or Gun) and other things before mentioned were produced in Court. Mr. Pitford deposed, that the Prisoner came to his Shop about 2 a Clock to borrow a Bullet Gun to go to a Shooting Match, that he left him the Gun produced in Court, and he promised to return it in two or three. Days time; and that he had a long Barrel to screw on when he lent it him. Mr. Langborn deposed, that Mr. Dakins came to his House, and askt if he knew Matthew Cheston, told him there was a Robbery committed on Saturday last near Highgate, and also told him that he met the Prisoner there abouts, who not giving him the Road, he gave him a lick or two with his Whip; that he drew his Sword, and the Prisoner levelled his Guns at him; that they both put up, and he believed the Prisoner had no Design to rob him. Roger Hitchcock deposed, that he hearing that the Prisoner was committed, went to the Prosecutor's at Highgate to enquire how the matter was. That the Prosecutor told him they began with whipping for the Road: that they past one another and the Prisoner return'd and they whipt again, that he told the Prisoner if he was for that he would gave him enough of it; that the Prisoner told him put up his Sword, and he bid him put up his Gun; that after the Whipping the Prisoner bid him stand and deliver; and that the Prisoner was much in Drink on a Cart-Horse, and without Spurs Mr. Dawson deposed, that he going into Dr. Longborn's Shop, when Mr. Dakins was there and talking of this Matter; he heard him(the Prosecutor) say that the Prisoner was drunk, and not giving him the Road he whipt him, who askt what that was for, that the Prisoner drew his Gun, and he his Sword, and told him if he would put up his Gun he would put up his Sword; that he believed the Prisoner had no intent to rob him; but he would prosecute him for his Impudence. Mr. Hall deposed, that when he came up he thought they were whipping for the way; that the Prisoner was so fuddled that he fell against his Horse as he was going to get up; and that he had a heavy Horse. The Prisoner called a great many to his Reputation, several of whom have had Dealings with him, who gave him a good Character, and one of them deposed, that last Year he rented Forescore Pound a Year: The Jury considering the whole matter Acquitted him. Alexander Parish, of St. Mary White Chappel, was indicted for a Felony in receiving stolen Goods knowing them to be stole by John Burton, out of the Parish Church of Wanstead in Essex, which said John Burton was convicted for the same, at the last Assizes held at Brent Wood in Essex, and afterwards Executed. The Fact being fully proved upon him by Henry Bishop, who committed the Robbery with the said Burton, and to whom the Prisoner had given the Key of a Padlock to carry Goods into his Shed at any Hour of the Night, and other sufficient Evidence. The Jury found him Guilty. Transportation. James Holliday, of St. Sepulchres, London, was indicted on the New Act of Parliament for the more Effectual transporting of Felons,&c. for that he having been fomerly Convicted of Felony, and transported among the last Convicts from Newgate for the same, had made his Escape from the Ship, which the Convicts forced into Vigo, and returned into the Kingdom of Great Britain, without any lawful Cause, which being fully proved upon him, the Jury found him, Guilty. Death. Anthony Goddard of St. Clements Danes, Middlesex, was indicted for the like Offence, which being fully proved upon him, was also found Guilty. Death. Martha Stafford, of St. Mary in the Savoy, was indicted for privately stealing a Muslin Neckcloth, a Purse, a Broadpiece, a Half Broad-piece, and 18. Guineas, from the Person of Thomas Holmes on the 22d of August last. The Prosecutor deposed that he going by Somerset Gate between to and 11 a Clock at Night met the Prisoner, who told him that she wanted to speak with him in private; that he went down a little way with her, and in 3 or 4 Minutes she ran away from him into Somerset-House; that he missing his Purse, followed and took her, when she begged of him for God's Sake to spare her Life; that they making some Noise Mr. Dunkley order'd the Corporal to bring them to his Lodge; where the Guineas were found in her Handkerchief; that she put 8 of them into her Mouth at once, but could not swallow them, and he aking hold of her made her Spit out 7 of them; that he had 16 Guineas, the Broad-piece and Half, again. Mr. Dunkley confirmed her restoring the 16 Guineas, the Broad-piece and Half to the Prosecutor, and that she had another Guinea in her Mouth, all which she owned she took from the Prosecutor. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Ann Sadler,(together with Susan Deval, not yet taken) of St. Paul's Covent-Garden, was indicted for privately stealing a Canvas Bag, and 4 l in Money, the Goods and Money of Daniel Jull from the Person of Mary Jull. Mary Jull deposed, that she lost above 4 l. in Covent Garden-Market; that her Money was in a Bag in her Lap; that Deval came and bought at Sive of Cherries of her, and made a Roll of her Apron to put on her Head to carry them on; that she helpt her up twice and the Roll fell off; and that she mist her Money as soon as she was gone. Another Evidence deposed that she saw the Prisoner give a Bag to a Man, who went off with it; and that the Prisoner owned the next Day in the Round-House that Deval gave it to her, and she to the Man. Another confirmed the last Evidence. But it not appearing that the Prisoner took it from Jull, the Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. only. Transportation. Giles Hill, of St. Sepulchres, London, Gent. was indicted for the Murder of Nicholas Moore, Esq. by giving him one Mortal Wound with a Sword near the Left Armpit, of the length of one Inch and the depth of ten Inches, on the 26th of August last, of which he instantly died. He was also indicted a second time on the Coroner's Inquest for the same. He was likewise indicted a third time on the Statute of Stabbing. The Jurors were the same as in the other London Tryals, except Edward Jarman, the Foreman, who being Challenged by the Prisoner, James Cooper was swore in his stead. Mr. Bowers deposed, that he came Home that Evening about Six a Clock, and found the Deceased, the Prisoner, and another Gentleman drinking together; that the Deceased asked him to sit down; that some Musick came in, and the Deceased bid them play the Duke of Ormond's March, to which the Prisoner objected; soon after the Deceased proposed the Duke of Ormond's Health, and said he would Drink his Health, for he was an Honest Gentleman: upon which the Prisoner said, You are a Rogue and a Lyer, for he is a Rebel to his Country. That they immediately both clapt their Hands to their Swords; the Deceased was Endeavouring to get out of the Box, and he believed that the Prisoner past at him as he was Endeavouring to get out of the Box; and that he was Half-Way out when he was run Through, and dropt on the outside of the Box. That he did not perceive the Deceased's Sword drawn before the Pass; but when they had secured the Prisoner's Sword, he saw the Deceased's Sword drawn lying by his Side, and the Scabbard, he being fallen down in a Minute. Thomas Rudgate deposed that he was there, and went to the Bar to enquire for a Person, and hearing a Dispute, stopt to see what was the Matter; that he saw the Gentlemen both rise up, and that the Prisoner drew and Wounded the Deceased, who fell down in an Instant with his Head at his(this Evidence's) Feet. That he did not see the Deceased's Sword drawn till he fell; but afterwards saw it drawn and lying under him. Mr. Knockells deposed, that he being sent for, found the Deceased supported by Three or Four Men, giving him Spirits to Smell to: when he come in he did not see the Deceased's Sword, but one French came in and ask'd if any had seen his Sword drawn, saying it would be a Material Thing: but no one then said they had seen it drawn. That soon afterwards he perceived his Sword lie drawn by him on his Left Side. That he opened him, and found that he was run through the Lobe of the Lungs, and the Heart. The Prisoner in his Defence said that he went with Capt. Cunliff to see Mr. French at the Ram-Inn; that the Deceased came into their Company, and there being Musick, the Deceased call'd for the Duke of Ormond's March, to which he objected, and after that they were drinking King George's Health; and when it came to the Deceased's Turn to Drink he would drink the Duke of Ormond's instead of it; whereupon the(the Prisoner) told him it was not fit for them who wore the King's Cloth to bear such things; upon which the Deceased immediately drew and bid him take Care of himself; and what follow'd was in his own Defence, he being so pinn'd up in the Box that he had no other way to save his Life. Capt. Cunliff deposed, that the Deceased intruded himself into their Company; that the Deceased bid the Musick play the Duke of Ormond's March, and they made them cease; that the Deceased proposed his Health, saying he was an honest Man; that he told him, that was not agreeable to them; but the Deceased took the Glass and drank it to the Prisoner, who was his Left Hand Man. The Prisner said he was a Rogue, and the Deceased laid his Hand on his Sword first, and the Prisoner made a Thrust at him. That he could not swear the Deceased's Sword was drawn at that time, he being in Confusion, and fell over the Table endeavouring to prevent Mischief; but he saw the Deceased Realing with his Sword drawn in his Hand when he fell. Richard Hewett deposed, that he went into the Ram-Inn to shelter himself from the Rain, and went into a Box against the Box where this happened; that he heard a Noise about drinking the Duke of Ormond's Health, which the Deceased would drink; and heard the Prisoner tell him he did not do well to drink it in their Company, and used other Expressions which the Deceased resented, for that the Deceased drew himself to the end of the Box, drew his Sword, and bid the Prisoner take Care of himself. That the Door of the Box was open. That when he saw the Deceased; Sword drawn he got up, and going out saw him drop. He said he sat so as to see the Deceased, but could not see the Prisoner or his Sword. That he was no Acquaintance of the Prisoner's but telling some People at the Tilt-Yard Coffee-House what a sad Accident he had seen at the Ram Inn, he was found. And being ask'd why he went away so soon as the Action was done, answered, for fear of coming into Trouble. Charles Read deposed, that he went in there from the Rain, found the House in an Uproar, lookt in, saw the Deceased's Sword drawn and the Prisoner's. That he was sure the Deceased had his Sword in his Hand drawn immediately before he fell. And then he went away. Hary Croox deposed, that he saw the Deceased fall, and took him up; but did not see his Sword till he saw it in Jane Fox's Hand. Jane Fox deposed, that she took up the Deceased's Sword, it being drawn, and when he was turn'd it lay on his Left Side, and as he sat up she saw the Scabbard broke under him. John Bickerstaff deposed, that the Deceased fell with his Back against his Breast; that he kept him up as long as he could, but saw not his Sword till Jane Fox took it up. Robert French deposed, that when he was called the Deceased was on his Feet. That when the Deceased fell he took the Prisoner's Sword and gave it to his Wife. That he did not see the Deceased's Sword at first, but he desired the People to stand off, and when the Crowd stood off he saw it lying on the Ground drawn by him, and Fox took it up naked. The Prisoner called several Gentlemen to his Reputation, who gave him the Character of a Quiet, Civil, Courteous, Good-Humour'd Man, not given to Quarrel, but the Reverse. For the Prosecutor, one Turbott was called, who said that he was there before the Deceased was dead and then he did not see Hewett nor Read there; but said there was a great Crowd of People. Mr. Sparrow was also called to discredit Mr. Hewett, he said he believed he stirr'd out only on Sundays, for that he used to come of a Sunday to speak to him on Business. The Jury being gone out, and some Debates arising among them about giving Credit to Mr. Hewett's Evidence, Mr. Bowers and Capt. Cunliff were called in again, and the Questions which the Jury desired were put to them for their Satisfaction. And Mr. Bowers deposed, that he did not remember that he heard the Deceased use the Expression, Take Care of you self. That he endeavoured to stop the Prisoner's Arm, and did not see what the Deceased did his Back being towards him. That he believed if the Words were spoke he might have heard them: but could not take upon him to swear they were not spoke. And he confirmed what Mr. Hewett swore, that he might see from that Box where he was, the outermost(in the Box where the Gentlemen were) and yet not those within. Capt. Cunliff deposed, that he could not swear such Words were or were not spoke by the Deceased; for that he threw himself over the Table to prevent Mischief, and was in great Confusion. The Jury after long Consideration, and having(as aforesaid, further\ in\ formed themselves by the Re-examination of the Witnesses, declared they were satisfied, and that they gave Credit to the Affirmative and Positive Evidence, which was not disproved by the Negative Evidence; and that one of the Jury had known Mr. Hewett several Years, and believed he was an Honest Man; and so they brought in the Prisoner Guilty of Manslaughter. Burnt in the Hand. William Robinson of Fulham, was indicted for breaking open the Dwelling House of Thomas Ailesby on the 20th of February last in the Night-time, and taking thence a Bible value 4 d. and a Common-Prayer-Book value 4 d. the Goods of the said Thomas Ailesby. He was indicted a second time for feloniously stealing a Whips, value 3 s. the Goods of Joseph White on the 8th of August last. Margaret Ailesby deposed, that her House was fast at 9 at Night, and at 6 in the Morning she found the Rag tone off from her Window-Board, her Door open, and the Books gone; that the Prisoner confest he went in at the Window(it being open) and took the Goods, but that he did not break the House. John White deposed, that he lost 2 Whips out of his Stable, that he lockt his Stable- Door when he went to Bed, but left the Key in it. John Phelps deposed, that he found the Prisoner in White's Orchard, taking the Fruit, and the 2 Whips under the Tree, which he confest be took out of White's Stable. The Prisoner had nothing to say for himself. The Burglary not being sufficiently proved the Jury acquitted him of that, and found him Guilty of Felony and to the Value of 10 d. Transportation. Richard Young, was indicted for a Perjury that he being a Prisoner in the Fleet, did deliver in a false Schedule by omitting to discover past of his Estate and swearing to the said Schedule, by Virtue of which he was discharged from his Imprisonment, but the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Charles Smith, and, were indicted for a Misdemeanour, in that they being Collectors for the Window Lights did under Colour of their Office, fraudulently exact and receive divers Sums of Money, from Persons not Assessed in their Book; which being proved upon them, the Jury found them Guilty Fined 20 Marks each. Sarah Davis of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Cloth Coat. Wastcoat and Breeches, the Goods of Simon Obrion, in the Dwelling House of Thomas Fenwick on the 7th of this Instant September. It appeared that the Prosecutor was gone to Bed in a lower Room in the Vine Tavern in Wildstreet, and the Prisoner went in and took his Clothes, but being seen was followed and taken with them upon her. The Jury Found her Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Mary Haylin, of St. Martin's in the Field, was indicted for feloniously stealing a pair of Stayes, value 30 s. the Goods of George Cackler, on the 25th of August last. The Fact was fully proved upon her, and the Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Joseph Pew, of St. Brides, was indicted for taking to Wife Mary Bickerstaff, on the 16th of July 1719 His former Wife Ann Locket being then living. He owned that he was Married to Mary Bickerstaff; but no Evidence appearing to prove the first Marriage, the Jury Acquitted him. John Fuller, of Stanmore, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Knife and Fork value 8 d. and 22 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of William Smith, on the first of October last. It appeared that the Prosecutor and the Prisoner lay together, and that the Prisoner took his Breeches from under his Head, and the Goods and Money out of his Pocket about three in the Morning and went away, leaving the Breeches only at the Feet of the Bed. The Jury found him Guilty. Transportation. James Carreck, of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Hilted Sword value 35 s. the Goods of Thomas Webster. The Prosecutor deposed, that he went to the Duke of Malborough's-Head in Drury-Lane, and having a mischance with his Sword, gave it to the Woman to put in the Bar, and when he went for it again it was gone; that hearing Mr. Frankling had bought such an one, he went and ask'd for one there, and he brought him his own. Mr. Franklin deposed, he bought it of the Prisoner. The Sword was produced in Court and Swore to. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he had a Quarrel with a Gentleman in Covent-Garden, and their Swords were beat out of their Hands by the Watch, and the Constable gave his to the other Person, and the other Person's to him; that his was better than the other's, which being Old Fashion, he went to Mr. Franklin to buy another and Change that; that the Scuffle happened about 8 at Night. But the Prosecutor deposed, that he did not lose his till 12. The Prisoner produced none to prove what he said, nor any to his Reputation. The Jury found him Guilty. Transporatation. The Tryals being over, the Court proceeded to give Judgment as followeth; Receiv'd Sentence of Death, 10. James Wilson, John Homer, Edward Wright, James Holliday, James Norris, Henry Emmery, Robert Jackson, Katharine Crompton John Tomlimson, and Anthony Goddard. Burnt in the Hand. 5. Giles Hill, John Sparks, Jane Wheatly, Sarah Gray, and Patrick Pepper, the three last formerly Convicted. To be Transported. 25. Michael Vine, Alice Thompson, Ann Mason, Joseph Birch, Mary Wright, Thomas Higden, Thomas Grant, Richard Richards, William Wade, Thomas Parker, Ann Rowt, George Brancome, Marry Harris, Edward Preston, Robert Mayo, Sarah Miller, Peter Wilson, Martha Stafford, Ann Sadler, Alexander Parish, William Robinson, Mary Haylin, Sarah Davis, John Fuller, and James Carreck. To be Whipt. 3. Alice James, Sarah Roberts, and Elizabeth Evens, all formerly Convicted. Charles Smith and M- B- for their Misdemeanour, Fined 20 Marks each."	"the proceedings on the king's commission of the peace, and oyer and terminer, and goal-delivery of newgate, held for the city of london, and county of middlesex, at justice-hall in the old bayly, on wednesday, thursday, friday, and saturday, being the 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th of this instant september, 1720. in the seventh year of his majesty's reign. 19. sept. 1720. before the right honorable sir george thorold, kt. and baronet, lord mayor of the city of london; mr. justice fortesque, sir william thompson, kt. recorder; john raby, esq; deputy recorder; and several of his majesty's justices of the peace for the city of london, and county of middlesex. the jurors names were as followeth: london jury. edward jarman, thomas tidmarsh, john bache, thomas tax, george dawson, william collins, james thompson, william taylor, henry hatton, charles young william king, john slater, middlesex jury. robert kent, john hinton, william atlee, francis taylor, arthur simpson, christopher gray, samuel fish, thomas corbett, william berchett, adrian westerbourn, john mason, john cordwell. michael vine, of st. mary le bow, was indicted for privately stealing a silk handkerchief value 2 s. from the person of james cooper, on the 29th of july last. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner and another jostled him and past by, that he had a suspicion of them and afterwards found them as making water; that the prisoner kept close to him, and he feeling of him draw his handkerchief out of his pocket at the end of bow-lane, took him by the collar and found it in his hand-before he could put it up. the prisoner denied the fact, and said he was prosecuted out of an old grudge: but could not prove it or call any to his reputation. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john tracey of st. botolph without bishopsgate, was indicted for privately stealing 13 pound weight of copper value 13 s. out of the shop of andrew niblett, on the 7th of july last. but the evidence not being sufficient the jury acquitted him. alice thompson, of st. brides, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 silver tea spoons, 4 damask napkins, a tablecloth,&c. the goods of thomas partington; and a holland apron, a holland shift, and a diamond spark, the goods of abigail partington, on the 25th of august last. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner had been his servant about 3 weeks, and that he mist his spoons. abigail partington deposed that she found one of the spoons and some of the linnen in the prisoner's box in her chamber, and the other spoon and the rest of the goods in the prisoner's trunk which she had left at a house on ludgate-hill. the constable deposed that he saw the prisoner open her trunk with her own key, and take out the spoon and other goods as before. the goods were produc'd in court and swore to by the prosecutor. the prisoner in her defence said, that she took them through a mistake, and called several to her reputation, who gave her a good character. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 4 s. and 10. transportation. john richardson, of st. michael at queenhith, was indicted for feloniously stealing 8 holland shifts, 5 aprons, 3 suits of headclothes, 3 pair of muslin ruffles, and divers other goods to the value of 5 l, the goods of philip godby, in the dwelling house of john wood on the 1st of august last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. john bates and valentine coultson, of st. brides, were indicted for privately stealing a silver watch value 20 s. from the person of thomas barr, on the 1st of august last. the prosecutor deposed that he was in company with the prisoners at the sign of the cock, and fell asleep; that when he wak'd his watch was gone, but could not swear either of the prisoners had it; whereupon the jury acquitted them. ann mason, of st. andrews holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a muslin apron, a silk handkerchief, a suit of headclothes, a piece of gold call'd a jacobus, 5 pieces of old silver value 5 s. and 19 s. in money, on the dwelling house of john usher on the 1st of march last. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner was his servant, and that he having lost money several times suspected her, whereupon he went to susan ashton(who recommended her to him) to acquaint her with it, and she came to his house, searcht the prisoner and ript the piece of gold out of her petticoat where it had been sewed up; that he found 2 pieces of the old silver at mr. waters's where she had sold them; that there were two pieces of gold lay together, and that she told him she took but one of them because the other had a hole in it, and she was afraid it would not pass. susannah ashton confirmed the doctor's coming to her and her going with him, and ripping a piece of gold and a shilling out of her petticoat; and farther deposed that the prisoner owned that the broad piece was the doctor's. mr. waters deposed that the prosecutor found a 6 d. of k. charles l. and a groat of k. henry viii. in his glass, and said they were his, and gave him a shilling for them again, thomas wells deposed, that one ann mason brought an apron and a suit of headclothes to him, but could not swear the prisoner was the person. the prisoner deny'd the fact, and said the prosecutor had wrong'd her of 13 l. and call'd an officer who deposed that he had arrested the prosecutor in july last for 10 l. at the prisoners suit. another deposed that he ask'd the prosecutor why he did not serve the warrant on her before, having taken it out 5 months ago: to which the prosecutor being call'd to answer reply'd, that he was in form'd by the justice that he might do it when he pleased, and that he had not done it now but that he was in form'd that she was got into an ill gang, some of which have been already executed, and he was afraid of having his house broke open by her and her accomplices. the jury considering the whole matter found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. nicholas robinson, of st. sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing 19 guineas and 1 s. the money of john egglinton, in the dwelling house of richard stanton, on the 7th of august last. but the evidence nor being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. margaret alshear, of st. brides, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver spoon value 13 s. the goods of john taylor, on the 21st of july last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. joseph birch, of st. giles without cripplegate, was indicted for feloniously stealing 32 pieces of upper-leathers for shoes, value 10 s. the goods of laurence james, on the 22d of july last. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner came to lodge with him by the name of bryon, and did some work; that he lost 16 pair of upper-leathers, and found three pair of them on the prisoner, who then told him that he gave a fellow 9 d. for selling the other 13 pair. two others confirmed the taking the 3 pair upon him. the prisoner denied the fact, but called none to his reputation. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. elizabeth jerrom, of st. sepulchers, was indicted for privately stealing 6 guineas and an half, and 8 s. 6 d. in money, from the person of robert stafford, on the 2d of this instant september. the prosecutor deposed, that he had been merry-making, and going home he met the prisoner in chick lane, and askt her the way to such a place; she told him if he would give her a mugg she would shew him; that he went into a house with her, had several muggs of beer and paid for them; that his money was in his pocket before, but when he came out it was all gone; that there was another woman in company, and that he could not tell certainly when he lost it. abraham browning deposed, that he is a watchman in chick lane, and saw two women run down; that the prosecutor came after grumbling for the loss of his money; that the prisoner came back again and the prosecutor charged him with her, whereupon he carried them to the compter. the prisoner in her defence said that she was going of an errand, and the prosecutor met her and said he would give her a pint or two of wine; that he shoved her headlong into a brandy-shop, call'd for quartern of brandy, then a bottle of china ale, then more brandy, and ale for 3 or 4 times one after another; that another woman came in, and he call'd for a quartern of usquebaugh, let down his breaches, pull'd up his shirt, and bid them see what he had got; that the other woman asked him to go with her to her lodgings; that he went out with her, and she(the prisoner) went after; that she would have gone sooner, but the prosecutor held the door and would not let her. she called several to her reputation who gave her the character of a very honest woman, that they had entrusted her and always found her so. the jury considering the matter acquitted her. john sparks of st. brides was indicted for a felony in taking to wife, his first wife elizabeth cook being then living. alexander lieth deposed, that he married the prisoner to elizabeth cook, widow, at st. paul's church in bedford on the 11 th of september in the 12th of queen ann, and that she was still living, for he dined with her this very day. two evidences appeared to prove the second marriage, one deposed that he gave d- m- in marriage to the prisoner on the 28th of february last; and another, who deposed that she was present at the same time and saw them married. the fact being thus fully proved, the jury found him guilty. burnt in the hand. thomas higden, of st. brides, was indicted for feloniously stealing 4 brass pulleys 50 pound weight of lead and an iron case, in all to the value of 40 s. the goods of the governor and company of the new-river-water, on the 27th of july last. thomas austin deposed, that he put the goods up after 8 a clock at night, and the next morning they were gone; that they were afterwards found on the prisoner. james tuttle deposed, that the prisoner brought 2 pulleys to his shop to sell, went for two more, at night brought iron and lead, whereupon he stopt him. the goods were produc'd in court and swore by mr. witherell to be the company's. the prisoner deny'd the fact, but called none to his reputation. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. thomas grant, of st.bennet gracechruch, was indicted for privately stealing a silk handkerchief value 3 s. from the person of zachary polock, on the 15 th of july last. the prosecutor deposed, that going by lombard-street he felt a hand in his pocket, whereupon he turn'd short, and seized the prisoner with his handkerchief in his hand. the prisoner denied the fact but called none to his reputation. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. james norris, of st. andrew holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver tankard value 6l. in the dwelling house of joseph brewer, on the 22d of august last. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner came into his house( the raven in fetter-lane) about 3 a clock in the afternoon, and call'd for a tankard of beer; that he removed to another room further in the yard, and thence went off with the tankard, throwing the drink on the ground; that he being immediately told of it, pursued and took him, threw him on his back and found the tankard in his breeches. john haynes deposed, that he acquainted the prosecutor that the prisoner was gone, and went with the prosecutor in pursuit of him, and saw him throw him on his back and take the tankard out of his breeches. the prisoner in his defence said, that he met a man who asked him to go to drink, and that he went out to make water, and coming in again the other man put the tankard into his hand, but called no body to prove it, nor any to his reputation, and this trifling excuse not availing any thing, the jury found him guilty. death. samuel bonnet and mary his wife, of st. brides, were indicted for feloniously stealing a guinea, the property of william booth, on the 31st of august last. margaret booth deposed, that on wednesday the 29th of august, she sent her trunk by a porter with her maid to mr. bonnets; that she went and lay there her self, and put 22 guineas and a half and a bank bill of 50 l. into her trunk when it was in his house, that he bid her let it stand in his room for safety, that the hasp of the trunk was broke, and one of the guineas and the bank note(which was tied up close in a handkerchief) was taken out. the prosecutor's maid deposed, that she put the money and the bill into the trunk, and that she told the money twice over; that she went to the trunk on wednesday night for some nutmegs, that then the handkerchief was tied up close, and she lockt the trunk again, that the next morning(thursday) her mistress sent her for a guinea, and when she came to the trunk she found the hasp broke off, the handkerchief open, a guinea and the bill gone, and the nutmegs tumbled out of the paper they were in, to the bottom of the trunk; upon which being surprised she told mr. bonnet,(who was then in bed in the same room) who bid her not tell her mistress, he would rise and look for the bill; but she told her mistress. that afterwards he told her he let a man lie down there on thursday in the afternoon, and he might take it; and that if her mistress had come to him civilly he would have look'd for the bill, but now she should not have it again. the prisoner denied the fact, and told a long story which turned rather to his disadvantage than service, as how margaret booth should come to him and tell him that her husband jackson was to be tried for the high-way, and every thing would be seized; that she was acquainted with high-way men and house breakers, and he let her bring in a load of goods worth above 100 l. and a large box of plate,&c. and called dorothy groves to discredit what had been swore against him, who deposed that she heard the prosecutor's maid say, that the hasp of the trunk was broke, and believed that her mistress had got drunk and lost the bill: he also called a great many to his reputation who gave him the character of a very civil neighbour, but could not tell how he lived. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted mary; and found samuel bonnet guilty. transportation. henry emmery of st. andrew undershaft, was indicted for privately stealing 4 pair of pistols value 14 l. a musquetoon, value 1 l. and other goods, out of the shop of francis smart, on the 2d of june last. the prosecutor deposed that his shop had been robb'd several times, and the father of a woman whom the prisoner kept came and told him that two pair of his pistols were pawn'd at the katharine wheel in blackman street, where he heard of them; that he valued them at 5 l. charles biew deposed that the prisoner brought those pistols to him desiring him to lend him 25 s. on them; that he had some suspicion of him, but having known him a great while did let him have 15 s. that he found f. smart graved on them(whom he knew, and intended to have called on him the first opportunity, if he had not come to him) that he asked the prisoner where he had them, who told him of capt. smart for sword scabbards; he said surely it is not so low with the captain as to make you take pistols for your scabbards; the prisoner answered, yes it was, and if the captain was not broke it was little better. that the same night he pawned them, he(the prisoner) stole all the weights out of his(this evidence's) shop, and gave them to his whore who betrayed him. robert garrard deposed that the pistols produced in court were his master's(the prosecutor's) and lost out of his shop. the prisoner's confession before the justice,(which was very full) was read in court, and he having nothing to say for himself, the jury found him guilty. death. mary fitzwater and margaret bloomer of st. brides, were indicted for privately stealing 20 guineas and 3 l. in money from the person of john norris, on the 30th of august last: but no evidence appearing against her, she was acquitted. hester quill, of st. botolph without aldgate, was indicted for privately stealing 7 guineas from the person of thomas bugg, on the 30th of november last. the prosecutor deposed that as he was going along he saw the prisoner standing by dukes place about 7 a clock, who carry'd him to the standard tavern in the minories; that before he went into the tavern he stopt under pretence of making water, and put 7 guineas in his fobb under his watch, that then they went into a little room together and drank a pint of wine; that by her discourse he found she knew several in george yard, particularly mr. mitchel who he also knew; that he felt her hand very busy about his breeches, and that she drew his watch out, but it being fasten'd to his pocket she could not carry it off; that he put his watch into his pocket again, but did not then think of his guineas that were in a paper under it, that she made an excuse to the vault, and said, that he might not fear her coming again, she would leave a shilling and her gloves on the table to answer the reckoning: but she staying a long while he called the drawer and askt where she was, who told him that she was gone, then he paid the reckoning and went also; and when he was got a little way from the house he mist his money, whereupon he went back to the tavern to enquire if they knew who she was, but they told him they did not. the prosecutor being ask'd if he knew the prisoner before, and why he did not prosecute her sooner; said that he knew her by going by his door frequently; but was ashamed to appear in court to prosecute her. mr. russel deposed that the prosecutor is his tenant, and told him 5 or 6 months ago that the prisoner had pickt his pocket of 7 guineas, but that he did not care to expose himself. the prisoner denied the fact, or that she ever was in his company, and said that she had that very day(being st. andrew's) taken two rooms next door to the prosecutor, and had some friends who supt with her at home that night, and was not out; but she hearing that the prosecutor had raised this false report upon her, and his wife had flouted at her as she past by, saying i love a whore, but i hate a pick pocket whore: she arrested him the saturday before to clear her reputation, and on the monday he brought this prosecution; and called the following evidence to prove it, her landlord deposed, that she took rooms of him about a month before christmas, but could not be positive to the day. another deposed, that he and some friends supt with her that night(he was sure it was st. andrew's) at her lodgings, that he went between 4 and 5 and staid till past 10, that the prisoner was at home all the while, and he left her there. another evidence deposed, that the prosecutor came to mr. mitchel's in george yard, and enquired for one elizabeth boyce, but they knowing no such person, he described her, saying she was very much pock-broken, red hair, her eyes black with beating and a cut cross her nose, and said that she had pickt his pocket of seven guineas the night before, at the standard tavern. mr. mitchel's servant confirmed the last evidence in every particular: she likewise called several to her reputation, who gave her a very good character. it was also observed that if the prosecutor knew her so well, and saw her so often, he need not have gone back to the tavern to enquire who she was, nor elsewhere next day and describe a person the very reverse of the prisoner. the jury looking upon it to be a base prosecution, acquitted her, and the court granted her a copy of her indictment. richard richards and henry bowman of st. paul at shadwell, were indicted for feloniously stealing 3 pound 4 ounces of raw silk value 3 l. 10 s. the goods of william gumley on the 25th of july last. patrick coppinger deposed that there were 30 bales taken our of the italian merchant and put aboard a lighter, and that the prisoners went into the lighter to pump her; that one of the bales was cut open and the goods taken out, which he found on richard richards in his breeches, who said it was the first time. roger cook confirmed the former evidence. the prisoner in his defence said that he found it loose in the lighter; and that bowman knew nothing of the matter. the jury acquitted bowman, and found richards guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. william wade, of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing 5 pewter plates value 3 s. the goods of james moody, on the 1st of august last. ellin skillicorn deposed that the prisoner came in and askt for half a pint of stout, and while she was gone to draw it, she heard the plates rattle; whereupon she came up without staying to draw the drink, and saw the prisoner leap off the dresser, where, she found the plates in the prisoner's bag. the plates and bag were produced in court, and the plates owned by the prosecutor. the prisoner said he laid his bag on the dresser and the plates were under it. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. thomas parker. of st. mary in the savoy, was indicted for feloniously stealing 4 saws, 1 hatchet 2 plains, 3 chissels, 1 box rule,&c. the goods of robert blomley. it appeared that the prisoner took the tools out of the new church in the strand, and was taken disposing of some of them, and confest where he had disposed of the rest. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. ann rowe, of st. clements danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 holland shirt, 2. handkerchiefs and 12 guineas, in the dwelling-house of john calfe, on the 4th of august last. susannah calfe deposed, that the prisoner came to live with her about the 9th of july last, and that she lost her money out of her desk, where there was near 200 l. and that mentioned in the indictment in a little bag by itself; that she charged the prisoner with taking 12 pieces of gold, who confessed it, and gave her eleven guineas and an half again. john ratford deposed, that he was sent for and present when she confest it, and saw her give her mistress 8 guineas, 7 half guineas and a half broad piece, which she called a spanish piece. the prisoner had nothing to say for her self, nor any to her reputation. the jury found her guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. john mayling, of wilson in middlesex, was indicted for the murder of thomas corral, by kicking, beating, wounding, and bruising of him on the right groin, of which he instantly died. he was indicted a second time on the coroner's inquest for the same. lamb dyson deposed that they were haymakers and going to dinner the prisoner took up a little rake which lay on the ground, and told his wife she should have it, for it was light and fit for her; whereupon the deceased said, no, she should not have it, and twitcht it out of his hand, and was going to strike him; but the prisoner tript up his heels and kickt him; and that he lived about a quarter of an hour. william whitmore deposed that the deceased said that's my wife's rake, you shan't have it; struck at the prisoner, followed him, and swore he would cleave him with the rake; and then the prisoner tript him up; and that the deceased was sickly. richard cole deposed that he saw the deceased strike the prisoner over the head and shoulders with a rake, whereupon the prisoner tript him up and gave him a kick. edward cole and john richardson confirmed the last evidence. mr. nichols deposed that he opened him and found a bruise a little above him groin, which he believed was the occasion of his death. the prisoner in his defence pleaded, that the deceased threatned to split his scull; that he did not intend him any mischief, and called several to his reputation, who gave him the character of a quiet, orderly, well-behaved-man; it also appeared that there was no grudge between them; that the deceased assaulted him first, and went home ill from his work the day before. the jury considering the whole matter, brought him in not guilty. elizabeth catlin, of st. james in westminster, was indicted for the murder of her male bastard child, on the 10th of july last, by putting it under a quantity of coals, by which means it was strangled. she was indicted a second time on the coroner's inquest for the same. sarah reeves deposed, that the prisoner was recommended to her to clean her house till she could get a servant, that she suspecting her, asked her if she was not with child, but she denied that she was, and said she had a fit of the collick by eating cabbage; whereupon she gave her a glass of snake-root, that she went out and came home again, when the prisoner said she was better; that perceiving a great deal of wet, and asking the prisoner what it was she said the cat had thrown down the chamber-pot, but her sister had been there and mopt it up; that the prisoner still lay on the bed, and denied that the she was in labour or had been; that she sent for a midwife; searcht, and found a child in the coal vault; that another brought it up and laid it on the dresser; and that she saw no marks of violence about it. mary catlin deposed, that her sister sent for her about noon; that she went to her; but her master and mistress being at dinner and to go out so soon as they had dined, she could not stay; that she went to her again and found her on the bed; that she found the child in the coal vault and brought it to the dresser, did not hear it cry, and being in a great surprise could not tell whether it was alive or dead. elizabeth rutland deposed, that she was sent for, that the prisoner's sister brought the child out of the vault, that she viewed it, saw no marks of violence; and that the prisoner said she had made provision for it. martha stone deposed, that she was sent for, viewed the child, saw no marks of violence and could not tell whether it was born alive, but believes it might be kill'd in the birth. the prisoner in her defence said, that she did not think she had been so near her time, and designed to have gone into the country to lie-in at her mother's, that she had made some provision for it, and had not time to make more; and that she was deliver'd alone. some child linnen was produced in court, and s ore to be the prisoner's for that use. the jury considering the whole matter acquitted her. george brancom and sarah his wife, of st. giles without cripplegate, were indicted for feloniously stealing a stuff gown and petticoat, a callicoe frock, a shift, scarf and cap, in all to the value of 18 s and 4 s. in money, the goods and money of frances moleton, on the 17th of april last. the prosecutor deposed that she lost her goods and money; and that the prisoner george carried her to the three bails in hounsditch where he had pawn'd them, that she redeemed them for 6 s. and he promised to make her amends: the evidence nor affecting sarah, the jury acquitted her; and found george guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. mary harris, of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for privately stealing two guineas from the person of richard raper, on the 24th of august last. the prosecutor deposed that going out about 8 a clock the evening aforesaid with some friends they went into an alehouse with the prisoner, and after they had drank a good while he and the prisoner went up stairs by themselves; that he had the guineas when he went up, and mist them in the room, but the prisoner was gone first. one who was drinking in company with him below stairs deposed that he heard the prisoner own that she had pickt the prosecutor's pocket, and that the man of the house shared the money and gave the prisoner 5 s. of it. the prisoner in her defence said, that the woman of the house bid her get the two guineas from him, and then took them from her. the jury considering the matter found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. katharine waters, of st. margaret's westminster, was indicted for privately stealing 2 half guineas, and 8 s. in money from the person of evan scipiers, on the 4th of this instant september. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner came to look after his wife, who was sick, and died that day; that the prisoner pickt his pocket of all he had, viz. 2 half guineas, 2 half crowns, and 3 queen ann's shillings wrapt up in a piece of brown paper, in his own room; and that he took her hand in his pocket. the prisoner denied the fact, and in her defence said, that when his wife was dead he went out at 12 a clock at night to fetch 3 full-pots of drink and a quart of all-fours and staid till 4 in the morning; carried her into his room to shew her his wives clothes, and said he would give them all to her; that he sat down on the bed, pull'd and hal'd her about, threw her down, and would have her lie on the bed with him. it appeared that he was so drunk when he went before the justice, that he would not give him his oath that night, but bid him come again the next morning when he might better know what he did. the jury considering the matter her. acquitted robert jackson, of paddington, was indicted for assaulting john andrews on the high way, putting him in fear, and taking from him a silver watch and seal value 4 l. 10 s. and 1 s. in money on the 15th of august last. the prosecutor deposed that coming from layton buzzard in bedfordshire with 2 friends, he saw the prisoner at the white lion at paddington, who rode with them near to tyburn, and then clapt a pistol to his breast and robbed him; that hearing one was taken up for robbing on such a mare, he went to the gate house and saw him, and to the stable in the hay market, to see the mare; that he is sure the prisoner is the same person who robbed him, and that he rode the same mare when he committed the fact. mr. bedcott deposed, that he came along with the prosecutor, and had a child before him, that at the place aforesaid the prisoner clapt a pistol to the child's head and said to this evidence, g- d d- n you, stand and deliver your money and watch; and that he saw the prisoner clap a pistol to the prosecutor's breast, and take his watch; that he is sure the prisoner is the same person. mr. glenister deposed, that he was coming about that time the same road with a charge of money about him and one like the prisoner rid a side of him some time, then crost a head of him and bid him stand; but he knowing the goodness of his breast turn'd about, clapt spurs and rode back to paddington but could not be positive the prisoner was the same person. mr. chasin deposed, that he keeps the white horse inn in the hay market, and going into his stable and seeing the prisoner's mare there in a trembling condition, and answering the description he had heard of one that was on the road, enquired for the owner, and laid wait for him against he came in and took him going into the stable; that he clapt a pistol to his breast which did not go off, when he apprehended him, and another was found about him loaded. the prisoner had nothing to say in his defence but a bare denial of the fact, which did not avail him against such positive evidence. the jury found him guilty. death. edward preston was indicted for privately stealing 2 perriwigs value 4l. and 12 ounces of human hair value 6 l. out of the shop of daniel lord on the 24th of august last. it appeared that the prisoner had been the prosecutor's servant about 11 days, and went with him to acton-fair, but left his master there, went home and took the goods out of his shop; and was taken offering them to sale; when taken he owned on stole them from his master. the goods were produced in court and owned by the prosecutor. the prisoner had nothing to say in his defence nor any to his reputation. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 4s. 10d. transportation. katharine crompton, of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for privately stealing 5 pieces of muslin value 7 l. out of the shop of john goodchild, on the 10th of august last. the prosecutor's servant deposed that the prisoner came into the shop and bought 1 yard of muslin, and said that she wanted a quarter of a yard of striped muslin; that he perceiving her take the muslin, called the maid down stairs, and searching her, took a piece of striped muslin from under her ridinghood, then carried her backward and found four pieces more of plain muslin. jane ballard deposed that she was call'd by the former evidence to bring down a knife, and that she saw him take the 5 pieces of muslin from the prisoner as before deposed. john goodchild confirmed the former evidences. the prisoner denied the fact, and called several to her reputation: but the evidence being very full, the jury found her guilty. death. mary woodward of st.margaret's westminster, was indicted for privately stealing a half-guinea from the person of robert harvey,on the 1st of august last. but no evidence appearing against her, she was acquitted. john everett of st. mary white-chapel was indicted for assaulting thomas bird on the high-way, putting him in fear, and taking from him, 16s. in money, on the 2d of july last. but the evidence not being sufficient the jury acquitted him. james wilson and john homer; were indicted for assaulting george herbert on the high-way, putting him in fear, and taking from him 11 guineas and half and 2 s. 6 d. in money, on the 30th of august last. the prosecutor deposed that he had received his wages due on the queenborough, and at chatham met the prisoners and another, who came up to london with him, and would have had him gone to drink with them, but he refused; that at the end of warwick-lane they clapt two pistols to his breast, and took 11 guineas and half from him; that one of them was taken in newgate-market; that he was sure the prisoners were two of them, for he knew them well having been with them 3 days. jonathan wild deposed, that the prisoner wilson, the same morning he was taken sent for him to the compter, and told him that himself john homer and william field had committed a robbery, that if he would endeavour to take the others, he would turn evidence to save his own life. accordingly he went in search of them, but they kept out of the way, till about a week after william field sent to him in order to be an evidence, and said he would produce homer, and several others for house-breaking and the high-way. accordingly he agreed to the same, and met him next morning, when he took him to the white-horse-inn by cripplegate, where he took homer in bed with a woman. after some threats he got up, and desired that he might be a stag, he ask'd him the meaning of it, and he told him an evidence; and that he could help him to 3 or 4 foot-pads. william field deposed that himself and the prisoners at the bar went to chatham with a design to break open houses there, but things did not answer their expectation, that the prosecutor coming into the house where they were, they found he had plenty of money, kept company with him to gravesend, thence by water to london, where at warwick-lane end the prisoners and himself committed the fact, that homer clapt a pistol to the prosecutor's breast, and they took 11 guineas and a half snd half a crown from him. the watchman deposed, the three men ran along, and he hearing the cry of stop him, followed wilson up ivy lane into the market, and took him in a corner thereof.- hooper deposed, that he coming over the market at that time laid hold of wilson, who threw his pistol under the butcher's shambles, and the former evidence came up and they secured him. the jury found them both guilty. death. edward wright and mary wright, of st. botolph without aldersgate, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing a silver watch and case value 5 l. 6 yards of flanders lace, 10 yards of lace, 6 yards of lustring, 1 yard of velvet, a velvet cap, 7 moiders, 50 guineas, 20 half guineas and 20l. in money, in the dwelling house of joseph walker, on the 18th of july last. and mary wright as accessary in receiving the same knowing them to be stole. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner edward lived with him as a servant, and that he mist money and goods several times, but there being others in the house could not charge him with it; at last he consulted with some friends at the tavern what to do, who advised him to mark his money, which was done. and lockt up in his drawer; that he broke open his drawer and took out 5 of the mark'd guineas, he went up after him and finding his drawer broke, came down and told his son, who charged him with it, but he denied it, then he asked him what money he had in his pocket he at first said 18d. then three guineas, then 5 guineas, which he said he had of his mother the day before; but when he took them out of his pocket they appear'd to be five of the mark'd guineas, that he kept the boy in, and got a warrant to search his mother's house before it should be blown, where he found several of his goods, as a new silver watch which stuck out in her bosom, and which he could swear to, fine lace, lustring, velvet, a book of julius caesar; that she ask'd pardon, and hoped he would pardon her son; that he brought them to her, and she could not help it now; that she askt her son whether they would not be mist, and he said, no, there were such quantities. mr. draper deposed, that the prosecutor sent for him to the tavern to consult how to detect the thief, that he notcht the guineas with a file just over the head; 23 and an half, told them, put them into the bag and drawer, lay under the bed in the same room to watch, and made a hole in the basis to look through that he might not be discover'd by lifting it up; that the prisoner came several times into the room; that he was sent for when he was detected, and heard him own it and beg pardon. mr. twinborough deposed, that he was at the tavern when the guineas were markt, and heard them agree, that mr. baker should lie under the bed; that he heard the boy say he was sorry he had done so; and confest he had wrong'd his master of above 50 l. that his mother got away, but was taken a gain. joseph walker junior, confirm'd his father's evidence, and farther deposed that the boy owned that he had taken at times above 60 l. mr. mountfort deposed that he was at the tavern when the guineas were mark'd, and at the prosecutor's when the boy was apprehended, and heard him confess the fact of the guineas,&c. and a piece of lace. elizabeth lewis deposed, that mary wright brought her a piece of lace and desired her to sell it for her, saying that it was a person's in prison, whose wife was a midwife, that she sold it to mrs. chapman by her consent for 51 s. and gave her the money; and that she afterwards sent to her to deny it if any should come to enquire after it. ann dorrel deposed she saw mrs. lewis pay the prisoner for it. the markt guineas, lace, and divers other things found on the prisoners were produc'd in court, and owned by the prosecutor. and another evidence deposed that the boy said, he was drawn in by his mother, who would not let him alone till he was hang'd. the prisoner denied the fact, and made a frivolous defence; but it it being to fully proved upon them; the jury found them both guilty, edward wright as principal, death. and mary wright his mother as accessory. transportation. jane stapleton, of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a pair of bellows value 3 s. and a cloth coat value 3 s. the goods of nathaniel laws, on the 23d of july last: but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. robert mayo, alias simmons, of st. leonard shoreditch, was indicted for breaking open the house of simon griffith in the night time, and taking thence 500 pins value 6 d. the prosecutor deposed, that his house was broke and his goods taken away, that he had a view of the prisoner and was sure he was the man. another deposed, that he took the pins upon the prisoner, who said he found them in bishopsgate-street. john rose deposed, that he found the prisoner at the prosecutor's window, who seeing him, run away, that he called out and he was taken. another deposed, he saw the pins taken out of his pocket, which were produced in court and swore to: but the evidence not being sufficient to prove the burglary, the jury acquitted him of that, and found him guilty of felony only. transportation. george dunn, of st. brides was indicted for assaulting isaac harris, and striking and bruising him on the belly with a musket on the 28th of july last, of which he languish'd till the 30th of the same month and then died. it appeared that the prisoner was a corporal in the foot guards, and the deceased a private soldier in the same company; and as they were marching to the tower the deceased was very quarrelsom, changed his ranks several times, trod on the prisoner's heels endeavour'd to trip him up in his march, and gave him very abusive language; that the prisoner desired him to be quiet; and the deceased replied g-d d- n you, i will tread on your heels; whereupon the prisoner put his piece against him to keep him back; that the deceased had complained of a bruise on the rim of his belly before, which he said be got by falling against a post. the jury considering the matter acquitted him. sarah miller of st. giles cripplegate was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver watch value 3 l. 3 half guineas and 11 s. 6 d. in money, in the dwelling house of william huggins, on the 17th of august last. it appeared that the prisoner was the prosecutor's servant, and took the goods and money out of his box; that 2 half guineas were found in her shoes, the rest upon her. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. peter wilson, of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a scotch-cloth-shirt 2 half shirts, a pair of sleeves, a pair of gloves, and 12 s. 6 d. in money, the goods and money of james williamson, on the 8th of august last. it appeared that the prosecutor and the prisoner lodged in the same house, and that the prisoner took the goods, which were found upon him in the hay-market, produced in court, and swore to by the prosecutor: his confession before the justice was also read in court. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john tomlinson of st. clements danes, together with james barry not yet taken, was indicted for assaulting thomas elliot on the high-way, putting him in fear, and taking from him a drugget coat, a neckcloth, a pair of buckles, a pair of silver studs, and 1 ounce of silver lace, on the 19th of august last. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner and barry laid hold on him in the savoy-yard, and had him to the three tents in burleigh-street to drink, then somewhere else, they led him through the change, that he was in drink, lost his goods, and is sure the prisoner was one of them; that he took him the wednesday following, when the prisoner owned he had his coat, and said he threw it in the street. james thompson deposed, that the prisoner and barry were drinking in the savoy when the prosecutor came by; that he heard the prisoner say he would follow him, and get his coat and the rest of his things; that the prisoner, barry and a woman followed him; and that the prisoner brought the coat to his(this evidence's) fellow servant to sell. richard qualand deposed that he saw the prisoner, barry, elliott and a woman at the three tents. another deposed, that the prisoner and barry brought the prosecutor into the three texns, had a pot of drink and the prisoner led him out again. sarah frost confirmed the last evidence. the prisoner denied the fact, said the prosecutor was dead drunk, but called none to his reputation. the jury found him guilty. death. matth.ew cheston, of finchly, was indicted for a misdemeanour in assaulting flexmore dakins esq, on the high way, on the 12th of july last, with an intent to rob him. mr. dakins deposed, that he coming from barnet the day aforesaid, met the prisoner near highgate, who by his riding seem'd intended to keep the road, but did turn out of it cursing and swearing; that he turn'd and gallop'd after him(the prosecutor) and cut him with his whip; that he(the prosecutor) whipt him again; whereupon the prisoner clapt a pistol to his brest and said, g- d d- n you, deliver; dismounted and took hold of the reins of the prosecutor's horse, which gave him time to draw his sword; that the prisoner said if you do not put up your sword and deliver, i will shoot you through the head; but hearing the trampling of horses coming up, the prisoner said, if you will put up your sword, i will put up my pistol; which was done, and he threw himself off his horse upon the prisoner, and his man came up and they secured him; that they found in his pocket a pistol, and a stock to screw it on that would turn it into a gun,(but the long barrel that was to scrue on was not about him) powder, bullets, a paper of nails and two moulds to cast bullets in; that as he was dragging him along he ask him if he would carry him before major bealing; he answered him, yes. then he replied, g- d d- n you, i am sorry i did not shoot you through the head. the prosecutor's servant deposed, that when he came up his master had the prisoner by the collar and he got off his horse to his master's assistance; that his master ask'd the prisoner for the pistol he charged against him, but he denied it; that they took it from him and the other arms, and the prisoner dropt a bullet mould; that they carried him to mr. horton's, sent for a constable, and had him before justice bealing. the pistol(or gun) and other things before mentioned were produced in court. mr. pitford deposed, that the prisoner came to his shop about 2 a clock to borrow a bullet gun to go to a shooting match, that he left him the gun produced in court, and he promised to return it in two or three. days time; and that he had a long barrel to screw on when he lent it him. mr. langborn deposed, that mr. dakins came to his house, and askt if he knew matthew cheston, told him there was a robbery committed on saturday last near highgate, and also told him that he met the prisoner there abouts, who not giving him the road, he gave him a lick or two with his whip; that he drew his sword, and the prisoner levelled his guns at him; that they both put up, and he believed the prisoner had no design to rob him. roger hitchcock deposed, that he hearing that the prisoner was committed, went to the prosecutor's at highgate to enquire how the matter was. that the prosecutor told him they began with whipping for the road: that they past one another and the prisoner return'd and they whipt again, that he told the prisoner if he was for that he would gave him enough of it; that the prisoner told him put up his sword, and he bid him put up his gun; that after the whipping the prisoner bid him stand and deliver; and that the prisoner was much in drink on a cart-horse, and without spurs mr. dawson deposed, that he going into dr. longborn's shop, when mr. dakins was there and talking of this matter; he heard him(the prosecutor) say that the prisoner was drunk, and not giving him the road he whipt him, who askt what that was for, that the prisoner drew his gun, and he his sword, and told him if he would put up his gun he would put up his sword; that he believed the prisoner had no intent to rob him; but he would prosecute him for his impudence. mr. hall deposed, that when he came up he thought they were whipping for the way; that the prisoner was so fuddled that he fell against his horse as he was going to get up; and that he had a heavy horse. the prisoner called a great many to his reputation, several of whom have had dealings with him, who gave him a good character, and one of them deposed, that last year he rented forescore pound a year: the jury considering the whole matter acquitted him. alexander parish, of st. mary white chappel, was indicted for a felony in receiving stolen goods knowing them to be stole by john burton, out of the parish church of wanstead in essex, which said john burton was convicted for the same, at the last assizes held at brent wood in essex, and afterwards executed. the fact being fully proved upon him by henry bishop, who committed the robbery with the said burton, and to whom the prisoner had given the key of a padlock to carry goods into his shed at any hour of the night, and other sufficient evidence. the jury found him guilty. transportation. james holliday, of st. sepulchres, london, was indicted on the new act of parliament for the more effectual transporting of felons,&c. for that he having been fomerly convicted of felony, and transported among the last convicts from newgate for the same, had made his escape from the ship, which the convicts forced into vigo, and returned into the kingdom of great britain, without any lawful cause, which being fully proved upon him, the jury found him, guilty. death. anthony goddard of st. clements danes, middlesex, was indicted for the like offence, which being fully proved upon him, was also found guilty. death. martha stafford, of st. mary in the savoy, was indicted for privately stealing a muslin neckcloth, a purse, a broadpiece, a half broad-piece, and 18. guineas, from the person of thomas holmes on the 22d of august last. the prosecutor deposed that he going by somerset gate between to and 11 a clock at night met the prisoner, who told him that she wanted to speak with him in private; that he went down a little way with her, and in 3 or 4 minutes she ran away from him into somerset-house; that he missing his purse, followed and took her, when she begged of him for god's sake to spare her life; that they making some noise mr. dunkley order'd the corporal to bring them to his lodge; where the guineas were found in her handkerchief; that she put 8 of them into her mouth at once, but could not swallow them, and he aking hold of her made her spit out 7 of them; that he had 16 guineas, the broad-piece and half, again. mr. dunkley confirmed her restoring the 16 guineas, the broad-piece and half to the prosecutor, and that she had another guinea in her mouth, all which she owned she took from the prosecutor. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. ann sadler,(together with susan deval, not yet taken) of st. paul's covent-garden, was indicted for privately stealing a canvas bag, and 4 l in money, the goods and money of daniel jull from the person of mary jull. mary jull deposed, that she lost above 4 l. in covent garden-market; that her money was in a bag in her lap; that deval came and bought at sive of cherries of her, and made a roll of her apron to put on her head to carry them on; that she helpt her up twice and the roll fell off; and that she mist her money as soon as she was gone. another evidence deposed that she saw the prisoner give a bag to a man, who went off with it; and that the prisoner owned the next day in the round-house that deval gave it to her, and she to the man. another confirmed the last evidence. but it not appearing that the prisoner took it from jull, the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. only. transportation. giles hill, of st. sepulchres, london, gent. was indicted for the murder of nicholas moore, esq. by giving him one mortal wound with a sword near the left armpit, of the length of one inch and the depth of ten inches, on the 26th of august last, of which he instantly died. he was also indicted a second time on the coroner's inquest for the same. he was likewise indicted a third time on the statute of stabbing. the jurors were the same as in the other london tryals, except edward jarman, the foreman, who being challenged by the prisoner, james cooper was swore in his stead. mr. bowers deposed, that he came home that evening about six a clock, and found the deceased, the prisoner, and another gentleman drinking together; that the deceased asked him to sit down; that some musick came in, and the deceased bid them play the duke of ormond's march, to which the prisoner objected; soon after the deceased proposed the duke of ormond's health, and said he would drink his health, for he was an honest gentleman: upon which the prisoner said, you are a rogue and a lyer, for he is a rebel to his country. that they immediately both clapt their hands to their swords; the deceased was endeavouring to get out of the box, and he believed that the prisoner past at him as he was endeavouring to get out of the box; and that he was half-way out when he was run through, and dropt on the outside of the box. that he did not perceive the deceased's sword drawn before the pass; but when they had secured the prisoner's sword, he saw the deceased's sword drawn lying by his side, and the scabbard, he being fallen down in a minute. thomas rudgate deposed that he was there, and went to the bar to enquire for a person, and hearing a dispute, stopt to see what was the matter; that he saw the gentlemen both rise up, and that the prisoner drew and wounded the deceased, who fell down in an instant with his head at his(this evidence's) feet. that he did not see the deceased's sword drawn till he fell; but afterwards saw it drawn and lying under him. mr. knockells deposed, that he being sent for, found the deceased supported by three or four men, giving him spirits to smell to: when he come in he did not see the deceased's sword, but one french came in and ask'd if any had seen his sword drawn, saying it would be a material thing: but no one then said they had seen it drawn. that soon afterwards he perceived his sword lie drawn by him on his left side. that he opened him, and found that he was run through the lobe of the lungs, and the heart. the prisoner in his defence said that he went with capt. cunliff to see mr. french at the ram-inn; that the deceased came into their company, and there being musick, the deceased call'd for the duke of ormond's march, to which he objected, and after that they were drinking king george's health; and when it came to the deceased's turn to drink he would drink the duke of ormond's instead of it; whereupon the(the prisoner) told him it was not fit for them who wore the king's cloth to bear such things; upon which the deceased immediately drew and bid him take care of himself; and what follow'd was in his own defence, he being so pinn'd up in the box that he had no other way to save his life. capt. cunliff deposed, that the deceased intruded himself into their company; that the deceased bid the musick play the duke of ormond's march, and they made them cease; that the deceased proposed his health, saying he was an honest man; that he told him, that was not agreeable to them; but the deceased took the glass and drank it to the prisoner, who was his left hand man. the prisner said he was a rogue, and the deceased laid his hand on his sword first, and the prisoner made a thrust at him. that he could not swear the deceased's sword was drawn at that time, he being in confusion, and fell over the table endeavouring to prevent mischief; but he saw the deceased realing with his sword drawn in his hand when he fell. richard hewett deposed, that he went into the ram-inn to shelter himself from the rain, and went into a box against the box where this happened; that he heard a noise about drinking the duke of ormond's health, which the deceased would drink; and heard the prisoner tell him he did not do well to drink it in their company, and used other expressions which the deceased resented, for that the deceased drew himself to the end of the box, drew his sword, and bid the prisoner take care of himself. that the door of the box was open. that when he saw the deceased; sword drawn he got up, and going out saw him drop. he said he sat so as to see the deceased, but could not see the prisoner or his sword. that he was no acquaintance of the prisoner's but telling some people at the tilt-yard coffee-house what a sad accident he had seen at the ram inn, he was found. and being ask'd why he went away so soon as the action was done, answered, for fear of coming into trouble. charles read deposed, that he went in there from the rain, found the house in an uproar, lookt in, saw the deceased's sword drawn and the prisoner's. that he was sure the deceased had his sword in his hand drawn immediately before he fell. and then he went away. hary croox deposed, that he saw the deceased fall, and took him up; but did not see his sword till he saw it in jane fox's hand. jane fox deposed, that she took up the deceased's sword, it being drawn, and when he was turn'd it lay on his left side, and as he sat up she saw the scabbard broke under him. john bickerstaff deposed, that the deceased fell with his back against his breast; that he kept him up as long as he could, but saw not his sword till jane fox took it up. robert french deposed, that when he was called the deceased was on his feet. that when the deceased fell he took the prisoner's sword and gave it to his wife. that he did not see the deceased's sword at first, but he desired the people to stand off, and when the crowd stood off he saw it lying on the ground drawn by him, and fox took it up naked. the prisoner called several gentlemen to his reputation, who gave him the character of a quiet, civil, courteous, good-humour'd man, not given to quarrel, but the reverse. for the prosecutor, one turbott was called, who said that he was there before the deceased was dead and then he did not see hewett nor read there; but said there was a great crowd of people. mr. sparrow was also called to discredit mr. hewett, he said he believed he stirr'd out only on sundays, for that he used to come of a sunday to speak to him on business. the jury being gone out, and some debates arising among them about giving credit to mr. hewett's evidence, mr. bowers and capt. cunliff were called in again, and the questions which the jury desired were put to them for their satisfaction. and mr. bowers deposed, that he did not remember that he heard the deceased use the expression, take care of you self. that he endeavoured to stop the prisoner's arm, and did not see what the deceased did his back being towards him. that he believed if the words were spoke he might have heard them: but could not take upon him to swear they were not spoke. and he confirmed what mr. hewett swore, that he might see from that box where he was, the outermost(in the box where the gentlemen were) and yet not those within. capt. cunliff deposed, that he could not swear such words were or were not spoke by the deceased; for that he threw himself over the table to prevent mischief, and was in great confusion. the jury after long consideration, and having(as aforesaid, further in formed themselves by the re-examination of the witnesses, declared they were satisfied, and that they gave credit to the affirmative and positive evidence, which was not disproved by the negative evidence; and that one of the jury had known mr. hewett several years, and believed he was an honest man; and so they brought in the prisoner guilty of manslaughter. burnt in the hand. william robinson of fulham, was indicted for breaking open the dwelling house of thomas ailesby on the 20th of february last in the night-time, and taking thence a bible value 4 d. and a common-prayer-book value 4 d. the goods of the said thomas ailesby. he was indicted a second time for feloniously stealing a whips, value 3 s. the goods of joseph white on the 8th of august last. margaret ailesby deposed, that her house was fast at 9 at night, and at 6 in the morning she found the rag tone off from her window-board, her door open, and the books gone; that the prisoner confest he went in at the window(it being open) and took the goods, but that he did not break the house. john white deposed, that he lost 2 whips out of his stable, that he lockt his stable- door when he went to bed, but left the key in it. john phelps deposed, that he found the prisoner in white's orchard, taking the fruit, and the 2 whips under the tree, which he confest be took out of white's stable. the prisoner had nothing to say for himself. the burglary not being sufficiently proved the jury acquitted him of that, and found him guilty of felony and to the value of 10 d. transportation. richard young, was indicted for a perjury that he being a prisoner in the fleet, did deliver in a false schedule by omitting to discover past of his estate and swearing to the said schedule, by virtue of which he was discharged from his imprisonment, but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. charles smith, and, were indicted for a misdemeanour, in that they being collectors for the window lights did under colour of their office, fraudulently exact and receive divers sums of money, from persons not assessed in their book; which being proved upon them, the jury found them guilty fined 20 marks each. sarah davis of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a cloth coat. wastcoat and breeches, the goods of simon obrion, in the dwelling house of thomas fenwick on the 7th of this instant september. it appeared that the prosecutor was gone to bed in a lower room in the vine tavern in wildstreet, and the prisoner went in and took his clothes, but being seen was followed and taken with them upon her. the jury found her guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. mary haylin, of st. martin's in the field, was indicted for feloniously stealing a pair of stayes, value 30 s. the goods of george cackler, on the 25th of august last. the fact was fully proved upon her, and the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. joseph pew, of st. brides, was indicted for taking to wife mary bickerstaff, on the 16th of july 1719 his former wife ann locket being then living. he owned that he was married to mary bickerstaff; but no evidence appearing to prove the first marriage, the jury acquitted him. john fuller, of stanmore, was indicted for feloniously stealing a knife and fork value 8 d. and 22 s. in money, the goods and money of william smith, on the first of october last. it appeared that the prosecutor and the prisoner lay together, and that the prisoner took his breeches from under his head, and the goods and money out of his pocket about three in the morning and went away, leaving the breeches only at the feet of the bed. the jury found him guilty. transportation. james carreck, of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver hilted sword value 35 s. the goods of thomas webster. the prosecutor deposed, that he went to the duke of malborough's-head in drury-lane, and having a mischance with his sword, gave it to the woman to put in the bar, and when he went for it again it was gone; that hearing mr. frankling had bought such an one, he went and ask'd for one there, and he brought him his own. mr. franklin deposed, he bought it of the prisoner. the sword was produced in court and swore to. the prisoner in his defence said, that he had a quarrel with a gentleman in covent-garden, and their swords were beat out of their hands by the watch, and the constable gave his to the other person, and the other person's to him; that his was better than the other's, which being old fashion, he went to mr. franklin to buy another and change that; that the scuffle happened about 8 at night. but the prosecutor deposed, that he did not lose his till 12. the prisoner produced none to prove what he said, nor any to his reputation. the jury found him guilty. transporatation. the tryals being over, the court proceeded to give judgment as followeth; receiv'd sentence of death, 10. james wilson, john homer, edward wright, james holliday, james norris, henry emmery, robert jackson, katharine crompton john tomlimson, and anthony goddard. burnt in the hand. 5. giles hill, john sparks, jane wheatly, sarah gray, and patrick pepper, the three last formerly convicted. to be transported. 25. michael vine, alice thompson, ann mason, joseph birch, mary wright, thomas higden, thomas grant, richard richards, william wade, thomas parker, ann rowt, george brancome, marry harris, edward preston, robert mayo, sarah miller, peter wilson, martha stafford, ann sadler, alexander parish, william robinson, mary haylin, sarah davis, john fuller, and james carreck. to be whipt. 3. alice james, sarah roberts, and elizabeth evens, all formerly convicted. charles smith and m- b- for their misdemeanour, fined 20 marks each."	12025
"OBC2-17201012"	"THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, AND Oyer and Terniner, and Goal-Delivery of Newgate, held for the CITY of London, and COUNTY of Middlesex, at Justice-Hall in the Old Bayly, ON Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, being the 12th, 13th, and 14th of this Instant October, 1720. In the Seventh Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. 21. Octob. 1720. BEFORE the Right Honourable Sir GEORGE THOROLD, Kt. and Baronet, Lord Mayor of the City of London; Mr. Justice Tracy; Mr. Baron Price; John Raby, Esq; Deputy Recorder; and several of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, and County of Middlesex. The Jurors Names were as followeth: London Jury Abraham Lassoone, John Barry, Jonathan Hickes, James Marriner, Robert White, James Nelson, John Halloway, John Sharp, John Chambers, Richard Coultson, James Bedall, Edward Cox. Middlesex Jury Thomas Cliff, William Hargrave, Abraham Harrison, John Pashley, Richard Jackson, Thomas Bates, Joseph Parsons, Daniel Andrews, Edward Percival, Richard Ambler, John Stibbs, Alexander Kilgower. Elizabeth Fowlis, alias Thewlis, of St. Peters Cornhill, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Cloth Coat and Wastcoat, and other Goods to the value of 4 l. in the Dwelling House of Thomas Prime, on the 1st of this Instant October. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner was his Servant, and while he was at his Country Lodgins at Hackney, she took the Goods, and carrying them to pawn without Temple Bar was stopt by the Pawnbroker. Abraham Bibbin deposed, that the Prisoner brought the Goods to him to pawn, but, he suspecting her, examined her how she came by them. and she confest they were her Master's, and where she lived; whereupon he secured her. The Prisoner in her Defence said that she did not take them with a felonious Intent, but designed to have fetcht them again. The Jury considering the matter, found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. To be Whipt. Thomas Bostock, of St. Mildred in the Poultry, was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief value 2 s. from the Person of Thomas Bedford, on the 15th of September last. The Prosecutor deposed, that as he was going by the Poultry Church a Gentleman ask'd of him if he had not lost his Handkerchief, whereupon he felt in his Pocket and mist it. Thomas Husbands deposed that he saw the Prisoner follow the Prosecutor through Cornhill to the Poultry, and against the Church saw him take the Prosecutor's Handkerchief out of his Pocket, whereupon he seized him so quick that he had not an Opportunity to drop it, and acquainted the Prosecutor of it; that he had attempted to take it before, but could not. The Prisoner in his Defence said that he had been at Southwark Fair, and was Drunk. The Jury considering the matter found him Guilty to the value 10 d. Transportation. Joseph Johnson of St. Mary Woolnoth, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Cloth Cloak Bag, a Cloth Gown and Cassock, a Stuff Gown, a Perriwig, 2 pair of Silk Stockings, 1 pair of Shoes,&c. the Goods of William Savage, on the 28th of September last. Richard Lukes deposed, that as he was going along he heard a Small Coal Boy cry out to a Man(who laid the Goods mentioned in the Indictment on a Bulk at the Corner of Lombard-Street,) that's none of your Sack; that the Prisoner came up said it was his, took it up, and carried it from the Corner of Lombard-Street to Threadneedle-Street, where(the Boy crying out Thieves) he dropt it; that the Small Coal Boy followed and took the Prisoner, and he staid to look after the Goods; that there were three of them in all, but the other two got away; that there was a light in a Brandy Shop next the Bulk, by which he saw them all very plain, and was sure the Prisoner was the Person who took the Goods up at the Corner of Lombard-Street, saying they were his, and carried them to Threadneedle-Street; that the Small Coal Boy(who took him, but could not be found to give Evidence now) told him he saw one take it off a Horse on London-Bridge, and carry it to Lombard-Street end. The Goods were produced in Court, and swore to by the Prosecutor and his Man. who being then come out of the Country, the Prosecutor took Coach in Southwark, and left his Man to take care of the Goods and Horses. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and said that he had been at the Angel and Crown in White Chappel, and going by the Change they laid hold of him; he also called several to his Reputation. But the Evidence being very positive that he was the Person who said the Goods were his, and that he carried them from the Bulk in Lombard-Street to Threadneedle-Street the Jury found him Guilty. Transportation. William Fletcher, alias Fellowes, of St. Brides, was indicted for Assaulting Richard Schingle on the High Way, putting him in Fear. and taking from him a Hat value 5 s. and a Perriwig value 5 l. on the 12th of September last. The Prosecutor deposed, that as he was going along Fleetstreet, the Prisoner set his Foot before him and threw him down, took his Hat and Wig and run cross the way with them; that he jostled him several times before, and though he was much hurt and bruised by the Fall yet he got up and ran after him. John Griffin deposed, that as he was\ light\ ing a Gentleman and two Gentlewomen along he heard the cry of stop Thief, and the Prisoner running between them he laid hold of him, who dropt the Hat and Wig at his Feet. Another deposed, that he saw the Prisoner jostle the Prosecutor. Three others deposed, that they saw the Prisoner with the Hat and Wig in his Hand, and that when he was seized he dropt them. The Hat and Wig were also produced in Court and swore to by the Prosecutor. The Prisoner in his Defence said that the Prosecutor was drunk, and fell down, and that he went to help him up; but called none to prove it, nor any to his Reputation. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. Thomas Tompion and Ann Tompion his Wife, of Alhallows the Great, were indicted for privately stealing a Silk Purse value 6 d. 11 Guineas, from the Person of Elizabeth Cole, on the 20th of September last. Elizabeth Cole deposed, that she went to the Temple-Stairs to take Water and called out, Two Pence to Pepper-Alley; that the Prisoners were in a Boat there, said they were going thither, and invited her into the Boat; that they made room for her to set in the middle, and Ann Tompion sat on that side of her where her Pocket with the Purse of Guineas were; that she made some rusling about her Petticoats, which she(the Prosecutor) thought might be occasion'd by their Hoops incommoding one another; that when they were got to Dowgate, Ann Tompion said to her Husband, my Dear. we have forgot the Writings; he replied, we can do nothing without them, we must go back again for them, but won't hinder the Gentlewoman but call a pair of Oars; which they did, and went out of the Boat; that when she was landed at Pepper Alley, and got to the top of the stairs, she feeling for Money to pay the Waterman mist her Purse of Guineas; whereupon she went into Tuly-Street to Mr. Hart, whom she was going to pay them to, and acquainted him with her Misfortune; that it was then Half an Hour after 12 a Clock. That Mr. Hart went back with her immediately to Pepper-Alley Stairs, where they took Boat, and telling the Waterman how she had been served; and asking if be knew any Thief Taker, he said yes; carried them to Black-Fryers, and then went with them to(an Acquaintance of his) Mr Murrel's at the Coach and Horses in Black and White Court in the Old Bailey; where telling her case, and describing the Persons who were in the Boat with her, as that he was a Fat Man with a Smiling Countenance, a Sword by his Side, and a Two Tail'd wig on; she had a Red Damask Silk Gown and Petticoat on, a Gold Chain and Locket about her Neck, and Bobs in her Ears, Mrs. Murrel said it must be the Prisoners; and went to their House, but they were not within; that Mrs. Murrel went again and the Prosecutor along with her in a Riding-Hood Mrs. Murrel lent her to conceal her self in; that then they were both within, and she was positive they were the same Persons who were in the Boat with her. That she had received 9 Moidores of Mr. Hart to dispose of for him, and was to have 6 d. a piece Profit, that she left them at Mr. Brandon's in Lombard-Street, and took Guineas, which she paid away for a piece of Holland, and received the 11 Guineas mentioned in the Indictment of Mr. Bladen in Hatton Garden, and was sure she had them in her Pocket when she went into the Boat. John Roberts deposed, that he was at Pepper Alley Stairs when Mrs. Cole landed, and confirmed what she had swore as to her coming back from Tuly-Street with Mr. Hart, and his carrying them to Black-Fryers and going with them to Mr. Murrels, and what pass'd there; and further deposed, that he went with Mrs. Cole to the Temple Stairs to enquire after the Waterman who took her into his Boat there to the seeming Gentleman and his Wife, and left a Note there promising a Reward if he would appear, or to any who could produce him. Roger Cole deposed, that he came with his Wife from Rotherhith(where they Live) into the City, and parted with her at the Still-Yard; that she was going to Mr. Bladen's in Hatton Garden to receive some Money, but that he did not know Mr. Bladen himself, he being a Mariner and not acquainted with his Wife's Dealings. Mr. Hart confirmed what Mrs. Cole had before deposed, as to the Moidores and her coming to him, and his going with her and the Waterman(Roberts) to Mr. Murrel's, and what past there. Mr. Murrel deposed, that he knew Roberts, and that he came with Mrs. Cole and Mr. Hart to his House to enquire for a Thief taker, confirmed what Mrs. Cole swore before relating to what pass'd in his House, and farther deposed, that when Mrs. Cole came from the Prisoner's House with his Wife, and had seen them, and declared that she was positive they were the same Persons who invited her into the Boat to them, that he then said there was no Occasion for a Thief-Taker, he would be Thief-Taker himself; for he would send for them to his House, whither he was sure they would come, and then have a Constable and secure them; he also gave a bad Character of Mr. Tompion and his House. Mrs. Murrel confirmed Roberts, Hart, and Mrs. Cole's coming to her House, and the Prosecutor's telling her Story as before, and that when she heard her Description of the Persons, she(this Evidence) said it might be the Prisoner's for she(Ann Tompion) was reputed to be the most ingenious Pick-Pocket in London. That she went to the Prisoner's House under pretence of Borrowing a Sword for her Husband; that they were not then at Home; but she went in and up Stairs, where she found one Woman washing of Clothes, another washing her Feet. That sometime after she went again with Mrs. Cole(to whom she had lent her Riding-Hood) and found them both at Home; that she told Mr. Tompion her Husband desired him to lend him a Sword, and that he would let it be a good one, to which he readily consented, and brought her one with a Silver Hilt, saying there's a Sword will see the Devil out. That when Mrs. Tompion saw Mrs. Cole(though conceal'd as much as could be in her Riding-Hood) she ask'd who she was; to which this Evidence reply'd, a Friend of hers she met on Ludgate-Hill, whereupon Mrs. Tompion turn'd away her Face, that she then had on a Suit of Callicoe, but when she was taken she had a Gown of her Husbands on. That when they came out Mrs Cole declared that she was sure they were the same Persons who were in the Boat with her. Henry Yates deposed, that he keeps a Cooks Shop in the same Court, and that Mrs. Tompion told him that she had been out to get in some Money, and after several Disappointments had met with one who owed her 11 Guineas and had paid her, that she told him so the Day before Croydon Fair, but he could not be positive whether she said 11 Guineas or 13; nor whether she said she received it that Day or the Day before. Samuel Chester deposed, that Mr. Tompion had kept a Bawdy House in Black and White Court for several Years. The Prisoners denied the Fact, and said that they were not out of their House all that Day, and called the following Evidence to prove it. Elizabeth Lambert deposed, that she went to the Prisoners House between 12 and 1 to carry them some Money, and that they were both at home then; and being askt how she came to take notice of the Day, said, she could not tell the Day of the Month; but it was the Day before Croydon Fair. Sarah Linnet deposed that she was as the Prisoners House the Day before craydans Fair from 11 till 3, and that they were at home all the time; and being ask'd what she was, and how she came to go and stay there so long, said she was a Servant, had been arrested and put into the Compter, but clear'd by the late Act, and went there for some Writings for her safety. Susannah Chickley deposed, that she had been servant there, and that the Prisoners were not out of Doors all that Day till 8 or 9 at Night. Richard Lloyd deposed, that he carried a Pot of Beer there and saw them both at home. Will. Tompkins deposed, that he is Mr. Tompion's Journeyman( a Watchmaker) and that the Prisoners were at home all Day till about 7 or 8 a Clock at Night, and that one Mr. Facey paid him 13 Guineas on the Monday. That though be workt above Stairs he was obliged to go down often into the Kitchen to Light a Candle, where he constantly found them. Elizabeth Gooseman deposed, that she had been a Servant to the Prisoner 5 Weeks, and that they were not out of the House till 7 or 8 a Clock that Night, when her Master went out to hire a Coach to go to Croydon Fair the next Day: and that her Mistress wore that Day a Damask Gown of her Master's. Henry King deposed, that he went to Mr. Murrels on the 26th of September, and raised a Discourse concerning the Prisoners; and that Mrs. Murrel used some Invectives against them, clapt her Hands, and seemed to have a Grudge against them. Benchior Higgins deposed, that he went with the former Evidence to Mrs. Murrels, and said that Mrs. Murrel seemed to have some Spleen against the Prisoners. The Evidence for the King gave the Prisoners House a very ill Character, and said that some of the Women who gave Evidence for them used to go out to pick up Men and carry them in there. The Jury considering the whole Matter, Acquitted Thomas, Tompion, and found Ann his Wife Guilty of the Indictment. Death. Elizabeth Eves and William Reynolds, of St. Andrews Holbourn, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing a Silver Tankard value 5 l. a Silver Tumbler, a Silver Mug, two Pieces of Old fashion Silver, 6 Silver Button's&c. the Goods of George Owen, in the Dwelling House of Mary Magick, on the 14th of September last; and William Reynolds as Accessory in receiving the same, knowing them to be stole. Frances Owen deposed, that she had the Plate in her possession in Trust for her Nephew by Order of my Lord Chancellor; and that the Prisoner Eves was her Servant, and ask'd her on the Friday to give her leave for an Hour and half to go to her Mothers; that she went but did not return; that on the Sunday she mist the Plate, and sent to the Prisoner Eaves's Mother, who produced her, and the confest that she took the Goods at several times, and sold them to Mr. Reynolds. That they got the Recorder's Warrant to search Mr. Reynolds's House, and found the Tankard behind a Shutter in his Shop; that he then said he had not bought a Tankard in 6 Weeks afterwards said he bought it that Day was Sevennight, and said before the Justice that he bought it at a Market Price. Mr. Weaver deposed that he met Eves and askt her how her Mistress did; that he met her again betimes on on Saturday Morning, who seemed to be in Confusion, as if she had been up all Night; that he went to his Sister's(Mrs. Owen) told her how he had met Betty, and bid her see if she had not lost any thing; that he went along with them to search Mr. Reynolds's House, and found two Pieces of Old Fashion Silver belonging to a Socket produced in Court; that Mr. Reynolds said he had not bought a Tankard for 6 Weeks; but he(this Evidence bid the Constable move a Shutter, and found it there without the Lid; that it weighed 18 Ounces without the Lid, and that Eves said he gave her 4 Guineas and 15 s. in Silver for it with the Lid; and that being askt what was become of the Lid, he answered, he believed he might have sold it. Mrs. Weaver deposed that she went with the Constable to search Mr. Reynold's House for the Goods, who pulled our a small Drawer from under his Glass Case, and shewed them Rings and Trifles; that when they had found the two pieces of Old Fashion Silver in an open Drawer in his Shop, they then ask'd for the Tankard, Tumbler, Mugg, and Buttons, whereupon he opened his Press all but one Shutter(which she caused to be opened,) and found the Tankard there without the Lid; and that the Constable said the Lid had been taken off lately, the Pin looking as if it had been filed within 3 Days; that Mr. Reynolds said he had it above 6 Weeks; the Tankard which was mark'd G M M, was produced in Court and Swore to. The Confession of the Prisoner Eves was read in Court, and she also owned the Fact on her Tryal. Mr. Reynolds in his Defence said that he bought the Mug, Tumbler, and Tankard of Eves at the Market price, that he gave 4 Guineas, 7 Shillings in Silver, and a Ring of 18 s. value for the Tankard; that the told him it was some Old Plate of Mrs. Owen's, who had sent her to sell it for her. Mrs. Reynolds deposed, that she was in her Father's Shop when Eves brought in the Tankard to sell; that there were others in the Shop, and Eves put the Tankard on the Compter; that it was the 5th of September last; that her Father weighed it, and gave her a Ring, 4 Guineas, and some Silver for it, but she did not know the weight of it, not how much Silver he gave her, she going then to look after the Glasses in the Windows; that she was drest very clean and tight, without a Hood or Riding-Hood, with a White Apron and Handkerchief; that when she was gone she askt her Father if he knew her; who told her that he had bought something of her before. Mr. Marlow deposed, that he had know Mr. Reynolds many Years, that he had a general fair Character in all his Dealings; that the Tankard was not worth 5 s. per Ounce some time ago, there was so much Solder in it, neither was it worth more now. Mr. Marlow, Brother of the former, confirmed the same both as to Character, and value of the Plate. Mr. Eggleton deposed, that Mr. Reynolds is one of the Court of Assistants of the Goldsmiths Company, and has been pitcht on for particular Matters in Assays and valuing of Plate, in respect to his Judgment and Honesty. Mr. Green deposed, that he had known Mr. Reynolds 20 Years, had workt for him, and found him always just and honest; that the Tankard is not worth more than 5 l. per Ounce, and that Mr. Reynolds could not get above half a Crown by buying of it. The Jury consdering the matter, acquitted William Reynold, and found Elizabeth Eves Guilty. Death. Thomas Flory, of St. Michael at Quern, was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Hankerchief value 2 s. from the Person of Isaac Tilliard on the 26th of September last. The Prosecutor deposed, that as he was going along Cheapside, just by the Conduit, the Prisoner and another jostled him, and he lost his Handkerchief. Mr. Holland deposed, that as he was going through Cheapside between 3 and 4 in the Afternoon aforesaid, he stopt to buy some Fruit, and the Woman told him there were two Pickpockets followed the Prosecutor, whereupon he made haste after them, and saw the Prisoner take the Prosecutor's Handkerchief out of his Pocket and drop it on the Ground; upon which he took him by the Collar, and acquainted the Prosecutor therewith. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that the Prosecutor's Handkerchief was half out of his Pocket, and he rushing by, it fell on the Ground. The Jury considering the Matter, found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. David Wilford of St. Peters Cornhill, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Vellom Pocket-Book, value 1 s. the Goods of Charles Townsend, on the 25th of July last. The Prosecutor deposed, that he being in Change Alley, Mr, Levit turn'd him round, and told him that the Prisoner had pickt his Pocket; that he saw his Pocket-Book in the Prisoner's Hand, and saw him drop it, but there being a Crowd he got away; that he being\ in\ form'd that he ran into the Compter, he went after him, and after much Searching and Stir, found him in the Kitchen in a Black Coat, though he was Genteely Drest in Brown when he did the Fact. Mr. Levit deposed, that he saw the Prisoner in the Alley, and was told that he was a Pickpocket; that be observed him to follow the Prosecutor a good while, and by Jonathan's Coffee-House saw him take the Book out of his Coat Pocket; whereupon he turn'd the Prosecutor round and told him; but the Crowd gathering he got away and ran into the Compter, which this Evidence being\ in\ form'd of, went to Sir William Withers, who ordered them to search, and to bid the Keepers refuse them at their Peril; that they searched a long while, but could not find him; till at last they were told that he was in the Kitchen, where they found him in Black Clothes; but they using some Words, the Clothes he did the Fact in were produced. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and said that he sold Old Clothes in the Mint for a Livelihood; but had no Evidence to prove it, not any to his Reputation. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Abraham Poore, of St. Dunstan's in the West, was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief value 2 s. 6 d from the Person of Charles Winckworth on the 5th of September last. The Prosecutor deposed, that he lost his Handkerchief out of his Pocket against St Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street. Mr. Adams deposed, that he was going along at the same time, and that there was a great Burying; and that as the Prosecutor was going to cross the Way, he saw the Prisner jostle him. and take his Hankerchief out of his Pocket, and that there was another with the Prisner; that he immediately acquainted the Prosecutor with it, and the Prisoner confest it and said that he should have it again. The Prisoner on his Tryal denied the Fact, but called none to his Reputation. The Jury considering the matter, found him Guilty to the value of 10 d Transportation. Elizabeth Williams, of St.Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Perriwing, value 50 s. the Goods of John Ravenal, on the 5th of September last. But the Evidence not being sufficient the Jury Acquitted her. Martha Purdew, of St. Giles without Cripplegate, was indicted for privately stealing a Canvas Bag. 25 Guineas, 2 Carolus's and a Quarter piece of Gold from the Person of Richard Gaudin, on the 26th of September last. The Prosecutor deposed that as he was going through Cripplegate between 8 and 9 at Night the Prisoner saluted him with a How do you do Countryman? Won't you give me a Dram? that he went into a Brandy Shop with her at Cripplegate, and gave her a Dram; that she asked him how far he was going, and he told her towards Islington; she said that was her way, and she would go with him: that when they came to the Bell in Golden Lane she said that as he had been so kind as to treat her before, she would give him a Quartern of Brandy there: That they had not been there a quarter of an Hour before she made an Excuse to go to the Backside, and staying longer than Ordinary he mist his Bag of Money, and was going after her, but was stopt by the Man of the House, who told him that there was a Shilling to pay, and he must not go till he had paid it; that he reply'd he had no Money left, for the Woman that came in with him had Pickt his Pocket of all he had; that he pull'd out his Watch,(worth 7 l.) to leave for the Shilling till he redeemed it, but the Man of the House said he could not tell whether it was worth it, and kept him there while he opened and lookt upon it. That the next Day he went to the Brandy Shop where they drank at Cripplegate, to enquire if they knew her, and told them how she had served him; they said that she came there sometimes, and when she came again they'd send for him; which they did the next Day after; that when he took her she owned she had his Money, and had bought her 3 Gold Rings, Bobs for her Ears and Riding Hood, and had good Clothes on then though in a mean Grab when he drank the Brandy with her, and lost his Money; that there was no body in the Room with him but the Prisoner; and that he had none of his Money back again. John Drake deposed, that the Prosecutor came to him on the 28th of September, and desired him to go along with him in search of the Prisoner, and that a Woman came and acquainted him that she was then at the Brandy Shop; that they went immediately, but she was gone before they got there; that the People of the House told them which way the went and directed them to another Brandy Shop, from whence she was also just gone; but by their directions they followed and found her in a poor Garret wherein were a few Flocks and Rags, but no Bed; that they lookt under the Door and saw her lying on her Back, got the Door open, and he(this Evidence) went to her and told her she was his Prisoner: that she owed she took the Prosecutor's Money; but said she had those Clothes before she took it; and that she also said she had Gold, if the Prosecutor would make it up. The Jury found her Guilty of the Indictment. Death. James Allen and Jane Baine, of St. Peters in Middlesex were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing a Wooden Box, a King Edward's Shilling,a Queen Elizabeth's 6 d. and a blue Silk Apron, from the person of Elizabeth Coffering on the 7th of September last: And Jane Baine for receiving the Silk Apron Knowing it to be stole. The Prosecutor deposed that she being alone at her own Door between 10 to 11 the Night aforesaid, fell asleep, and the Prisoner Allen came and pickt her Pocket of her Box and Money, and took her short Apron; that he owned the Fact and said he had sold the Pieces of Money at a Gold-Smith in the Minories for 15d. where they were found accordingly; and gave the Apron to Baine; that she lost several other things, as two Notes which were in the Box with the Money, but had nothing else again but the Money. The Constable deposed, that when he took Allen he gave him the Box again, and told him he had thrown the Notes down the Grates on Tower Hill, and Confes'd where he had sold the Money for 15d. His Confession before the Justice was read in Court; and the Box and Money produc'd and swore to by the Prosecutor. The Evidence not being sufficient against Jane Baine, the Jury Acquitted her, and found James Allen Guilty to the value of 10d. Transportation. William Withall, alias Harris, of St. Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for breaking open the Dwelling House of William Gore, Esq; in the Night time, and taking thence 24 Pewter Plates value 24 s. 2 Brass Sauce Pans value 2 s. 6d. the Goods of the said William Gore; and a Gown, 8 Yards of Edging, some Muslin,&c. the Goods of Ann Dilley, on the 19th of August last. Ann Dilley deposed, that the Doors and Windows were fast in the Evening. that they set up till between 12 and 1 when they heard a Noise in the Scullery and another Room, but thinking it to the Cat, they went to Bed; and between 4 and 5 in the Morning a Man came and knockt them up; that when she came down Stairs she found the Iron Bar broke out of the Window, and the Goods gone. That about a Fortnight or 3 Weeks after her Gown was found on the Back of Rebecca Airy. Rebecca Airy deposed, that the Prisoner lodged in her House 5 Days, and went out the 19th of August at Night, but did not come home again till between 5 and 6 the next Morning, when he gave her the Gown, saying there was an Old Gown which she might make things for her Children with; but she wore it her self, and it was owned on her Back in Grays-Inn; that he also brought in some Plates and two Sauce-Pans at the same time. Anthony Knapp deposed, that the Prisoner lay with him, staid out all Friday Night, came home the 20th in the Morning, and gave the Gown to their Landlady. Jonathan James deposed, that he being out to see all safe the Back-side the Buildings, found the Windows of the Green-house open, whereupon he went round to raise the Family; that 2 quarrels of Glass were taken out, and the Iron Bar wrencht. Mr. Dacres deposed, that Airy was found in Grays-Inn with the Gown on her, and he being the nearest Constable, was sent for, that Airy then said she had it of the Prisoner, who threw it on her Bed, and said she might make things of it for her Children, but she chose to wear it her self. The Gown was produced in Court and swore to by Dilley. The Prisoner denied the Fact, but called none to his Reputation. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. Elizabath White, of St. Mary in Whitechappel, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Holland Smock value 12 s. the Goods of Samuel Perrey, Esq; and a Mobb value 1 s. the Goods of Ann Nicholas on the 29th of September last. It appeared that the Prisoner used to wash at the Prosecutor's House, and took the Goods, which were found upon her; and her Confession was read in Court. The Prisoner called several to her Reputation, who gave her a good Character, and deposed that they heard no ill of her before. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. To be Whipt. Benjamin Speed, John Brewinton, and Charles Moore of St. Paul's Covent Garden, were indicted for Feloniously stealing 2 Cloth Seats of a Coach, value 30 s. the Goods of Joseph Barnard, on the 6th of Octob last. And Eleanor Griffiths for entertaining them and receiving the same knowing them to be stole. Joseph Barnard deposed, that he lent out his Coach to John Andrews the Day aforesaid, with 4 Seats in it, and when he brought it home there was but two: that when he went before the Justice next Day he saw his two Seats that were missing, but the Feathers taken out. John Andrews deposed, that as he was driving the Coach by King-street, a Gentleman call'd to him and told him he believed he was robb'd, whereupon he got down and mist the Seats; that he saw the Prisoners go into the Pizza in Covent Garden, and the Gentleman and himself followed them; that he took William Lewellin(who was with them) by the Collar and secured him, who told the next Morning where they might find the other 3, which they did accordingly. William Lewellin deposed, that his Father caught him and Speed breaking open his Stall, and sent them to Bridewell, but having got out and meeting the Prisoners he went along with them; that Speed took the Seats out of the Coach and gave them to Brewinton, but that he knew nothing of the Woman(Griffiths). Mr. Blackham deposed, that as he was walking under the Piazzas in Covent Garden,(it being a wet Night) he saw Lewellin and three others go out after a Coach, and he suspecting that they had a mind to rob somebody that might be in it, watcht them, which they observing, Speed came up to him, swore, and struck at him; that there were 4 about the Coach, and 4 went under the Piazzas. James Wigg deposed, that the Constable sent for him to carry Lewellin to Prison; who said, if he would let him he would make a Confession where he might take the other Three; that they found them at Griffith's House in Newtoners Lane, two of them in Bed and the Seats between the Bed and Matt, but the Feathers taken out of them, the other Prisoner was just leapt out of Bed in another Room. Henry Becket deposed, that he was the Constable that carried Lewellin to the Round House that Night, and before the Justice the next Day, where he denied every thing; but as he was carrying him to Newgate he said if he would go back again he would make an ingenious Confession; that upon his Confession they had a Search Warrant and went to Griffiths House in Newtoners Lane where they found the Prisoners, and the two Seats, which were produced in Court and swore to by the Prosecutor. The Jury considering the matter Acquitted Griffiths; and found the Three Men Guilty of the Indictment. Transportation. Thomas Paine of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for privately stealing 12 yards of Shag value 48 s. and 6 Pound of Feathers value 6 s. the Goods of Samuel Shepherd; and a Cloth Coat the Goods of and 1 Sack the Goods of, on the 15th of September last. Mrs. Shepherd deposed, that in the Evening she went into the Coach-House and lockt the Doors, but in the Morning about 5 found the Door broke and the Goods gone, which were afterwards found at the Prisoner's. Samuel Shepherd deposed, that his Wife telling him the Door was open and the Lining and Seats of his Coach gone, he got a Search Warrant. searcht several Houses, and at last the Prisoner's, where he found his Goods: That the Prisoner said two Men, Robert Whitlock and William Sibley, brought them to his House, but owned that he was with them[several words unclear] was committed; that Whitlock and Sibley[several words unclear] he went to look after them. The[several words unclear] said, that two Men came into his[several words unclear] drink Geneva, and brought the Goods with them: but could not prove it, nor cald any to his Reputation. The Jury considering the matter found him Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. Transportation. Mary Granger and Sarah Lawson of St. Mildred in the Poultry, were indicted for privately stealing two Gold Rings, two Diamond Rings, Garnets.&c. to the value of 18 l. on the 15th of September last. The Prosecutor deposed, that as he was going Home between 11 and 12 the Prisoners ask him to give them a Glass of Wine; that they went to Three Crains in the Poultry, where they pick his Pocket of the Goods mentioned in the Indictment; that his Box was found in Granger's Bosom, but the Rings,&c. were taken out of it, and upon searching her some were found that Night, others next Morning, that he had been at the other end of the Town, was a little merry but not drunk. Richard Evans deposed, that he was sent for, and when he came the Prosecutor said the Prisoners had robb'd him, that he took a Candle and look upon the Ground round Granger before she was search'd and there was nothing there then; that he found the Steal Box in her Bosom empty, and a Ring and some small Stones were found on the Ground after searching her, which were not there before; that the next Morning the rest of the Goods were brought(except 5 Diamonds and a Ring) wrapt up in her Handkerchief, and that the Prosecutor then owned the Goods but not the Handkerchief they were brought in. The Drawer at the Tavern deposed, that the Prosecutor came with the Prisoners to their House the Night aforesaid and that when they were going away, he knowing Granger to be an ill Woman, ask him if he had not lost any thing, and that he feeling in his Pockets said, yes, he had lost his Box with the Rings and Jewels in it, whereupon he shut the Door, brought them back and sent for a Constable; that the Constable took a Candle and lookt round them, and he saw him(the Constable) take the Box out of Granger's Bosom, and he found a Ring and same small Stones on the Ground. Another deposed, that the Prosecutor sent for him the next Morning, told him the Prisners had pickt his Pocket, and askt him to go before the Justice with him; that they went to the Star-Tavern in Coleman-Street, were part of the Goods were brought and deliver'd to him, particularly one Ring which he could swear to. That an old Woman, said to be Granger's Mother, brought them. The Jury considering the matter, acquitted Lawson, and found Granger Guilty of the Indictment. Death. Joseph Jackson of Finchley,(together with Richard Dickinson not yet taken) was indicted for a Misdemeanour in Assaulting John Cheltenham and Thomas Carter on the High Way on the 7th of September last, with an Intent to rob them. He was a second time indicted for the like Offence, in Assaulting James Innocent on the High Way with an Intent to rob him. John Cheltenham deposed, that they having taken a Ride out on the 7th of September, as they were coming over Finchley-Common about Half an Hour after 6 a Clock, the Prisoner and Dickinson rode very hard up to them; that the Prisoner rode against him with such Fury that though he caught hold of him(this Evidence) he fell off his Horse into the Ditch, tore his Face and Eyes very much, and pull'd him(this Evidence) into the Ditch upon him; that Dickinson clapt a Pistol to Mr. Carter's Breast, and said, D--- n you Stand and Deliver your Money; that he heard him say the same to Capt. Innocent who was coming on with a Gentlewoman in a Shaise; that Mr. Carter rid after Dickinson toward the Shaise, who riding off, he came back to him(this Evidence) in the Ditch and bid him rise and mount, which as soon as he could disintangle himself from the Prisoner he did. That be found a Pistol in the Prisoner's Pocket charged and prim'd, and they carry'd him to Browns-Well-House; where he swore we should not keep him without a proper Officer: That there were 3 High Way Men more on the Common that Night. Mr. Carter confirmed the same, and farther deposed, that Dickinson clapt his Pistol to his Breast twice, and the last time it flash'd in the Pan but did not go off; that then he rode up to Capt. Innocent, bid him stand and deliver, and flash'd a Pistol at him, which did not go off neither; that Dickinson rode off, the Capt. drove away and he rode back to his Friend in the Ditch(who in this for surprise he had forgot) that they went to Brown's-Well-House, where they found Capt. Innocent and the Gentlewoman who were in the Shaise; that Mr. Cheltenham and himself went out to seek after the Prisoner, and found him coming softly down the Road; that Mr. Cheltenham seized him and took a Pistol out of his Pocket, and he(this Evidence) took another out of his other Pocket, both of them loaded and prim'd, and produced in Court. The Prisoner denied that he had any such Intent, and said that he was under some Misfortunes, and carried the Pistols for his Defence. The Jury found him Guilty of both Indictments. Fined 20 l for each Offence to suffer 3 years Imprisonment, and stand committed till he pays his Fines. Richard Cecil, of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for breaking and entring the Dwelling House of Charles Windell on the 16th June last, in the Night time, with an Intent to Steal. The Prosecutor deposed, that he keeps the Globe in Hungerford-Market and that his House was broke open between 1 and 2 a Clock; that he lost no Goods; but had a great many Thousand Pounds worth of Plate and Linnen, belonging to some of the Nobility, and others, under his Care. Richard Webb deposed,that about 11 a Clock he brought down a Cart load at Goods of the Duke of Newcastle's to the Prosecutor's House, that he lockt and barr'd the Door and Windows, and saw every thing safe; that about one a Clock he found a Window of a Back Room next the Waterside open, which he had barr'd; whereopon he left his Brother to guard that Window, while he went round to the Door, where he took the Prisoner coming out of the House.- Webb deposed, that he staid at the Window while the former Evidence went round to the Door, that while he waited there he heard a Bolt shoot in the House, and that when the Prisoner was taken, he went up to the former Evidence's Assistance. Ann Windell deposed,that the Prisoner came to their House about 8 or 9 a Clock, and he not liking the Room he was in, she shewed him another; that when he had drank his Drink he went away, and afterwards came again, and call'd for Brandy; that about 12 a Clock they turn'd him out, and the House was made safe. The Prisoner denied that he broke the House or that he went into it with an intent to steal, and in his Defence said, that having been in the House that Night before, went into the same Room again, the Door being open, and knock'd and call'd but no Body answering he came to the Door and was seized. But the Jury not taking his Word for it, found him Guilty of the Indictment. Death. Jane Ross of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 7 Pewter Pots, 2 Damask Napkins, and a Lac'd Mobb, the Goods of Thomas Maddox on the 12th September last: but the Evidence not-being sufficient the Jury Acquitted her. Charles Saunders of St.Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for Assaulting Hannah Watson on the High-Way. on the 8th of this Instant October, putting her in Fear taking from her, a Pocket, 5 Keys, and 4 s. 6 d. in Money. It appeared that the Prosecutor going along Kingsgate-Street about 9 at Night with her Petticoat over head to keep off the Rain, the Prisoner came by and pull'd off her Pocket with the Keys and Money in it, and she seeing of him run, mist her Pocket and cry'd out Stop Thief; thus he finding himself pursued, made a Stop, then ran a little further and was taken, and the Pocket was found thrown over some Rails just where he stopt, that there was no Body near her but the Prisoner; that he made his Escape from them as they were carrying him to the Watch-House, but he was soon re-taken. It did not appear that she was put in Fear, but that her Pocket was rather privately taken from her; the jury found him Guilty of Felony only. Transportation. Ann Powell of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 5 pair of Jumps value 50 s.and 3 Stomachers value 6 s. in the Dwelling House of James Sykes on the 21st of September last. It appeared that Mrs. Sykes met the Prisoner coming out of her House with 2 pair of Jumps under her Petticoats, which she took from her; that the Prisoner ran away but Mrs. Sykes followed her crying Stop Thief, that the Prisoner ran into a Shop, but dropt the 3 Stomachers in her Flight; that the Prosecutor having lost Goods several times before, went into Fee-Lane to enquire for Jumps to fit her, and in one Shop had two pair of her own brought to her, and in another one pair; all which were sworn to be bought of the Prisoner, and to be the Prosecutor's, and that those she had on her Back were his also. Her Confession, wherein she owned the taking 2 pair of Jumps and 3 Stomchers was read in Court. The Jury considering the Matter, found her Guilty to the value of 39s. Transportation. John Harris of St. Giles without Cripplegate, was indicted for breaking the Dwelling House of Isaac Purser in the Night-time, and taking thence 2 Gowns, a Callimancoe Petticoat, a Quilted Petticoat, a Riding hood, a Drugget Coat and a Cloth Wastcoat, on the 17th of February last. Elizabeth Purser deposed that when she went out(about 7 or 8 a Clock) her Inner Door was lockt, and the outer Door on the Latch for the Convenience of her Lodgers; that she came Home about 9 and found her Door broke and the Goods gone; that William Field gave her Notice that the Prisoner and himself commited the Fact. William Field deposed, that the Prisoner and himself went to the Prosecutor's House on the 17th of February last between 9 and 10 at night; that they lifted up the Latch of outer Door, and broke the inner Door open with a Chissel; that the Prisoner took the Goods, and gave them to him in a Bag, which they afterwards sold to Eliz Glanister. Jonathan Wild deposed, that he knows the Prisoner; that he has been condemned before, has been an Evidence against several, convicted some, and has kept Company with Field. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. Richard Glassford, of St. Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Gold Ring, a Drugget Coat and Wastcoat, a pair of Shoes and Stockings, the Goods of John Smith, on the 25th of September last. It appeared that the Prosecutor and the Prisoner were Fellow-Prentices together; and that the Prisoner ran away from his Master, but was brought Home again on the Saturday and kept up on the Sunday; that on Sunday Night he got out of the House and took the Goods mentioned in the Indictment with him; that the Hat, Shoes and Stockings were found upon him. The Jury considering the matter, found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Elizabeth Firth, of St. Martins in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Poplin Gown and Petticoat value 8 s. a Camblet Gown and Petticoat value 6 s. A pair of Stayes 2 s. a Silk Hood 1 s. and 5 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of George Leadbeater, on the 12th of September last. It appeared that the Prisoner was the Prosecutor's Lodger, took the Goods and went away with them; that she was taken 4 Days afterwards, and the Goods found upon her, which were produced in Court, and owned by the Prosecutor. The Jury found her Guilty. Transportation. Martha Thomas, of St. Ann's Westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Linnen Shift value 3 s. The Goods of Thomas Palmer, on the 1 st of January last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Jane Duff, of St. Clement Danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing 144 Glass Bottles value 20 s. the Goods of John Warner, on the 12th September last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Ann Raven, of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Cloth Seats of a Coach Value 5 s. the Goods of a Person unknown, on the 13th of September last. Roberts Diggs Deposed, that he pull'd the Coach out of the Yard to make Room to carry in some Timber; that the Seats were in the Coach when he pull'd it out, but gone when he put it in again; that he followed the Prisoner, and found her with 1 Seat under her, the other in her Hand; and that the confest it before the Justice. Another Evidence confirmed the finding the Seats as before. The Jury found her Guilty. Transportation. Dorothy Hellom, of St. Peters in Middlesex, was indicted for breaking open the House of William Mills in the Day Time, no Person being therein, and taking thence a Silk Gown and Petticoat value 6 l. a Quilted Petticoat value 10 s. 8 Damask Napkins 16 s. a Damask Table Cloth 30 s. a Lawn Sheet 40 s. and one Hoiland Shirt 15 s. on the 14th of August last. She was a second time indicted for breaking the House of Samuel Caldicut in the Day Time, no Person being therein, and taking thence a Blue Apron value 1 s. and a Muslin Neckcloth value 6 d. on the 20th of July last. It appeared plainly that the Prisoner took the Goods and told where she had disposed of them, and that they were found accordingly; which she owned before the Justice, and her Confession was read in Court. But the Evidence not being sufficient to fix the Burglaries on her, the Jury Acquitted her of them; and found her Guilty of Felony only on each Indictment. Transportation. Nathaniel Hawes, of St. Clement Danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing 7 Yards and half of Sattin value 18 s. 5 Yards of Mohair 28 s. 47 Yards of Camblet 6 l. 13 s. 6 d. 8 Yards of Burdet, and four Yards of Tiking in the Dwelling House of James Gronas and Gladwell Peyton. on the 9th of September last. Gladwell Peyton deposed, that the Prisoner had been with him 3 Months upon Liking in order to be Apprentice to him; that he missing Goods several times, made enquiry after them; that on Saturday Morning the Prisoner went away, and left word that he was going to another Master; that he was seen to be flush of Money and had got himself lac'd Ruffles,&c. that he having notice that the Prisoner used to go often to Mr. Phillip's, a Piece Broker, he got a Warrant to search his House, where he found several of his Goods, as Mohair, Damask, Camblet,&c. and that he sold him that for 24 s. and 6 d. which was worth 10 l. 24 s. Mr. Green deposed, that when he served the Warrant on the Prisoner, he owned that he stole the Goods from his Master, and sold them to the Piece Broker. Mr. Browne deposed, that he went to the Prisoner in the Round House. who owned to him that he had stole Goods from his Master and sold them to John Phillips, who bid him bring what he would and he would buy it, that he told him several Particulars and the Prices he had sold them for, which he set down from his own Month, and the Prisoner afterwards signed it. Mr. Fortune confirmed the former Evidence. The Prisoner owned his Signing the Paper in Court, which was read, by which the Goods appeared to be sold greatly under the value. The Jury considering the matter, found him Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Mary Bowen of St. Andrews Holbourn, was indicted for that she together with Sarah Matthews(not yet taken) did privately steal from the Person of Thomas Patrick, a Silver Watch value 7 l. 10 s. and 13 s. in Money, on the 16th of September last. The Prosecutor deposed, that as he was going home about 11 at Night. he met the Prisoner and Sarah Matthews against Grays-Inn-Lane, who askt him to drink a Glass, that he went with them to a Brandy Shop in Grays-Inn-Lane, and they pickt his Pocket of his Watch and Money. Ann Masters deposed, that the Prisoner and Sarah Matthews came into her Shop the Night before, and the Prisoner then said they were to go Halves in what they got for a Fortnight; that on the 16th at Night they came in with the Prosecutor; that the Prosecutor said his Pocket was pickt, whereupon the Prisoner pawned her Coat for a Crown, and gave another Crown out of her Pocket to pacify him; that Sarah Matthews and the Prosecutor went out together, and the Prisoner remained in her Shop Half an Hour after they were gone. Another Evidence deposed that when the Prisoner was taken by the Constable she owned that she knew where the Watch was pawned for 20 s. and said he should have it again if he would let her go. The Jury considering the matter found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Elizabeth Lambert of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Grasett Gown value 20 s. the Goods of William Westall, on the 19th of June last: But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Susanah Martin of Finchley, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Holland Shifts value 2 s. 2 Suits of Headclothes 3 s. a Callicoe Gown and Petticoat 1 s. 6 d. the Goods of Jacob Rust, on the 30th of August last. It appeared that the Prisoner was the Prosecutor's hired Servant, that she came on Thursday noon, and went away the Monday Morning following, and the Goods were mist: that about a Fortnight, or three Weeks after, she was found at Enfield with the Gown upon her Back. The Jury found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Stephen Delforce, of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted on the New Act of Parliament for the more Effectual Transporting of Felons,&c. for that he having been formerly Convicted of Felony, and Transported among other Convicts from Newgate for the same, had returned into the Kingdom of Great Britain before his Time, without any Lawful Cause; which being fully proved upon him, the Jury found him Guilty. Death. Elizabeth Brittain, of St. Paul's Shadwell, was indicted for a Misdemeanour in inticing Robert Austen a Black Smith to go beyond Sea to exercise his Trade contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided. But no Evidence appearing against her, she was Acquitted. Hester Filewood, of St. Botolph\ without\ Aldgate was indicted for privately stealing a Silk Purse 2 d. and 11 Guineas, on the 10th of October last the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury acquitted her. Henry Membry,of St. Dunstan in the East, Gent. was indicted for the Murder of Ann Pooley, by throwing her down to the Ground, and Striking, Beating, and Kicking her on the Head and Back on the 7th of September last, of which Striking, Beating and Kicking she languished till the 9th of the said Month and then died. Josiah Wright deposed, that he being at Tower Hill the 7th of September about 9 at Night, and hearing the Cry as of a Person in Distress, he went up to them and saw the Prisoner kick the Deceased near the small of her Back as she was on the Ground; and that he said to her, Get up, you Bitch, you shall have a Run for it; that he followed and struck her on the Back; that he was sure the Deceased was the Person kickt, and the Prisoner the Man who did it, he knowing them both, and the Moon shining very bright; this Evidence being askt if he knew where the Prisoner lived, answered, Yes, he's a Dyer in Tower street. Elizabeth Tilsley, Elizabeth Walker and Hannah Day, confirmed the former Evidence as to the Prisoner's kicking and striking of the Deceased, and bidding her get up and run; they were sure the Deceased was the same Person he served so, for they knew her by her Yellow Stomacher, Black Stockings and Rag about her. Williams Day and Matthew Ballard Corroborated the former Evidences. Lawrence Farril deposed, that the Prisoner came into the Nags-Head-Alehose that Night while he was there, blamed the Officers for suffering such loose Cattle to lye about the Hill, and said that he had just knockt one down on one side. another on the other, and one Bitch he kickt down and up again. Mary Gideon deposed, that the Overseers brought the Deceased to her to look after at 8 a Clock on Thursday Morning, and that she died at one a Clock the same Night; that she did not speak all the time she was with her; that she did not observe any Bruises on her while she was alive, but when she was dead she was as black as a Shoe from Ear to Hip every where. The Prisoner in his Defence said that he went that Night to smoak a Pipe with a Friend, and on Tower Hill heard Murder cry'd out, and a Voice cry Capt. Membry. that when he came up he found a parcel of Black Guards, and bid them disperse themselves; that he did set his Foot in the Breech of one of them, not the Deceased, and said, run you Dog, it is good for your Health. John Ruart, deposed, that as he was on his Duty, he heard the People say that there was a Women Drunk or Dead in Thames Street, near the Custom-House, he went to see her, and found a poor ragged Girl, that could not speak lying on the Stones, that it was Wednesday Night between 8 and 9 a Clock; that Watchmen took her away, and he saw her next Morning lying among the Stones on Tower Hill, but could not tell whether it was the Deceased or not. Williams White and John Bliss deposed, that they carried such a Girl from Thames Street to Tower Hill about 11 a Clock that Night by Order of the Constable, that she might not be chargeable to their Parish: that she had on a Black Gown, Black Stockings, and Leather Bodice John King deposed, that he was sent for to Sam's Coffee-House, upon the same Occasion, and order'd the last Evidences to carry her to Tower Hill for the reasons aforesaid, and that she had on a dark Gown, a pretty clean Shift, Black Stockings, and(he believes) a Yellow Stomacher. Mr. Urquehart deposed, that he saw the Girl lying on Tower-Hill on Thursday Morning with some Straw on each Side, and a Stone under her Head; that he sent her to the Nurse, and went and told Captain Membry that the People said he had kickt her to Death, and advised him to send a Surgeon to her to clear himself; that he went along with the Surgeon; that the Girl was put to Bed, washt, a clean Smock put on, and they examined her Body and found no Hurt at all, but only a small Scratch(like one done by a Pin) on her Arm; that when he heard she was dead, be went again with the Surgeon and searcht, that then he found no Bruises, but only the settling of the Blood as usual. Mr. Glenn deposed, that he went with the former Evidence(the Overseer of the Poor) to see the Girl, that he told them the was dying, that the was starved, and he believed in Convulsions, that he had her stript and turn'd, to search her, that he found no Marks of Bruise or Tumour, nor any thing else but what is usual after Death by the setling of the Blood. Three other Evidences confirm'd what had been deposed by the Watchmen, Overseer and Surgeon. Ruth Downes, a Giril, deposed, that she was upon Tower-Hill with Ann Trundley on Wednesday about 9 a Clock at Night, and Ann Trundley hitting her self against an Iron fell a beating this Evidence, and bit her on the Shoulder, whereupon she cry'd out Murder, and a Gentlemen came by(who taking them for Boys) kickt her, and said run you Dog run; that she knew Ann Pooley, and saw her at the Keys at 12 at Noon that Day very bad. Ann Trundley confirmed the former Evidence; and being askt whether she knew Ann Pooley, and what was become of her, said, Yes, she went into the Country, got in Ague, and Fever, and came up and died with a Parish Nurse on Tower-Hill; that she used to be with them, but was not there that Night. The 4 first Evidences being call'd again, deposed, that they did not see either of those two Girls there; but that it was the Deceased that they saw the Prisoner kick. The Prisoner called several Gentlemen of great Reputation and Worth to his Credit, who gave him a very good Character, and that he was a Man of Compassion and not of Cruelty. The Jury considering the whole matter, acquitted him. Thomas Belsenger, of St. Dunstan at Stepney was indicted for committing a Rape on the Body of Martha Gilbert, of about 16 Years of Age, on the 30th of September last. Martha Gilbert deposed, that the being much troubled with the Headache the Day aforesaid, laid herself down on the Bed, about three of four in the afternoon the Prisoner came up Stairs to see for a Pot, and finding her on the Bed, put his Hand up her Coats, stopt her Mouth with his Hand, and had Carnal Knowledge of her by Force and against her Consent, that she made what Resistance she could, and cry'd out as soon as she got his Hand from her Mouth; whereupon Mrs. Winny came down to her Assistance, caught him in the Fact, and pull'd him off from her; that he said if she prosecuted him for a Rape, he would swear she pickt his Pocket; that he had attempted to put his Hands up her Coats several times before, for which she had left fetching of Drink at his House, that she was up one pair of Stairs and Mrs. Winny up two pair, looking out of Clothes. Mrs. Winny deposed, that she hearing a Noise and a Bussle went down Stairs, found the Prosecutor's Coats up, and the Prisoner between her Legs with his Breeches down; that she pull'd him off, and he flew at her and scratcht her: that the Prosecutor was black in the Face with strugling, and could hardly speak: that he said if the Prosecutor sued him he would swear she pickt his Pocket. Jane King deposed, that she lodged in the Ground Floor, and heard the Prisoner coming down Stairs say, you Bitches if you Prosecute me I will swear you pickt my Pocket; that he had attempted her formerly, when she heard her leap out of Bed to avoid him. Mrs. Woolley and Mrs. Britton deposed, that they were sent for to the Prosecutor, found that she had received damage, that her Body had been enter'd, that her Shift at their Request was brought; and had all the shew of Virginity, and they believed she had no Conversation with Man till then, and that by Force. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and said Winny was not in the House, but came in after: that they pickt his Pocket of 5 s. bid him hush, and all should be made easy. A Girl of 14 Years of Age deposed, that she went up to play with Mrs. Winny's Child, and the Prisoner came up and askt for Pots; that the Prosecutor said to him, Ye old Surfeit here are none; that she prickt him with a Pin, and he went to the Bed with her, and while they were on the Bed together Winny took a heap of Farthing out of the Prisoner's pocket and put them into the Prosecutor's Lap, and when she got up they fell on the Ground; that the Prosecutor said to the Prisoner, here's Three Halfpence, One Penny more will make it up a Pot, and then you shall do it; and that Winny's Child was asleep on the same Bed. Ann Smith deposed, that the Prosecutor was a naughty Girl, that about 9 Weeks ago she askt the Prisoner for a pint of Wine, and he gave her a Shilling, then put his Hands under her petticoats, and this Evidence went out of the Room; that she was there another time when the prosecutor huncht and gam'd the prisoner, and he told her it was not the first time he had lain with her. Edward Meadowes(a Surgeon) deposed, that he was sent for to go with 2 Midwives to search the prosecutor, that she said she never knew Man before, and had the same Shift on then; that he saw no Symptoms of her Virginity, and believed she was a common Woman before. The Midwives were of the same Opinion. The prisoner called several to give a Character of the Prosecutor and Mrs. Winny, who gave them a very bad one: and also called several to his own Reputation, who had known him long, and said he was an Honest Man and a good Neighbour. Then the Prosecutor called 7 or 8 to clear her Reputation and Mrs. Winny's, who gave them a very good Character, as Civil, Honest and Industrious. The Jury considering the whole matter, acquitted him. The Tryals being over, the Court proceeded to give Judgement as followeth: Receiv'd Sentence of Death, 9. William Fletcher alias Fellowes, Ann Tompion, Elizabeth Eves, Mary Granger, Martin Purdue, William Withall, Richard Cecil, John Harris, and Stephen Delforce. Burnt in the Hand. 2 Richard Trantrum, and Lucius Owen, both formerly Convicted. To be Transported. 19. Thomas Bostock, Joseph Johnson, Thomas Flory, David Wilford, Abraham Poor, James Allen, Benjamin Speed, John Brewinton, Charles Moore, Thomas Paine, Charles Saunders, Ann Powel, Richard Glassford, Elizabeth Firth, Ann Raven, Dorothy Hellom, Nathaniel Huwes, Mary Bowen, and Sussanah Martin. To be Whipt. 5. Elizabeth White, Elizabeth Fowlis, Alias Thewlis, Jane Worsley, Alice Hewton, and Mary Green, the three last formerly Convicted. Joseph Jackson Fined. 20 l. for each Offence, to suffer 3 Years Imprisonment, and to stand committed till he pays his Fines. Ann Tompion pleaded her Belly, and a Jury of Matrons being impannelled, found her with Quick Child. Some BOOKS printed for and sold by Edward Parker at the Bible and Crown in Lombard Street, near Stocks Market. THE Christian Monitor, containing an Earnest Exhortation to an Holy Life; With some Directions in order thereto. Written in a plain and easie stile, for all sorts of People. Price 3 d. but 20 s. a Hundred to those that give them away. A Sermon concerning the Excellency and Usefulness of the Common-Prayer. Preached by William Beveridge, D: D.(late Lord Bishop of St. Asaph) at the Opening of the Parish-Church of St. Peter's Cornhill, London, the 27th of November, 168 l. The Twenty-fourth Edition. Price 3 d. but 20 s. Hundred to those that give them away. A Treatise of Sacramental Covenanting with Christ: shewing the Ungodly their Contempt of Christ, in their Contempt of the Sacramental Covenant. And calling them(not to a Profanation of this Holy Ordinance, but) to an Understanding, Serious, Entire Dedication of themselves to God in the Sacramental Covenant, and a Believing Commemoration of the Death of Christ. Written by J. Rawlet P. D. Author of the Christan Monitor. The Seventh Edition. price 3 s. A Water that perfectly cares the Itch, or any Itching Humour in a few Days, without necessity of Purging, or the dangerous Use of Mercury, Price 1 s. 6 d. is only prepared and sold by A. Downing Chymist, at the Crown and Ball in George Court in St. John's Lane by Hick's Hall near West Smithfield, Where also may be had, the best Spirits of Scurvey-Grass, by Wholesale or Retale at 8d. a Bottle. A most effectual Remedy for the Violent Pain in the Teeth, Price 1 s. Also a most excellent Remedy for preserving the Teeth and clearing them from the Scurvy, Price 2 s."	"the proceedings on the king's commission of the peace, and oyer and terniner, and goal-delivery of newgate, held for the city of london, and county of middlesex, at justice-hall in the old bayly, on wednesday, thursday, and friday, being the 12th, 13th, and 14th of this instant october, 1720. in the seventh year of his majesty's reign. 21. octob. 1720. before the right honourable sir george thorold, kt. and baronet, lord mayor of the city of london; mr. justice tracy; mr. baron price; john raby, esq; deputy recorder; and several of his majesty's justices of the peace for the city of london, and county of middlesex. the jurors names were as followeth: london jury abraham lassoone, john barry, jonathan hickes, james marriner, robert white, james nelson, john halloway, john sharp, john chambers, richard coultson, james bedall, edward cox. middlesex jury thomas cliff, william hargrave, abraham harrison, john pashley, richard jackson, thomas bates, joseph parsons, daniel andrews, edward percival, richard ambler, john stibbs, alexander kilgower. elizabeth fowlis, alias thewlis, of st. peters cornhill, was indicted for feloniously stealing a cloth coat and wastcoat, and other goods to the value of 4 l. in the dwelling house of thomas prime, on the 1st of this instant october. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner was his servant, and while he was at his country lodgins at hackney, she took the goods, and carrying them to pawn without temple bar was stopt by the pawnbroker. abraham bibbin deposed, that the prisoner brought the goods to him to pawn, but, he suspecting her, examined her how she came by them. and she confest they were her master's, and where she lived; whereupon he secured her. the prisoner in her defence said that she did not take them with a felonious intent, but designed to have fetcht them again. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 10 d. to be whipt. thomas bostock, of st. mildred in the poultry, was indicted for privately stealing a silk handkerchief value 2 s. from the person of thomas bedford, on the 15th of september last. the prosecutor deposed, that as he was going by the poultry church a gentleman ask'd of him if he had not lost his handkerchief, whereupon he felt in his pocket and mist it. thomas husbands deposed that he saw the prisoner follow the prosecutor through cornhill to the poultry, and against the church saw him take the prosecutor's handkerchief out of his pocket, whereupon he seized him so quick that he had not an opportunity to drop it, and acquainted the prosecutor of it; that he had attempted to take it before, but could not. the prisoner in his defence said that he had been at southwark fair, and was drunk. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value 10 d. transportation. joseph johnson of st. mary woolnoth, was indicted for feloniously stealing a cloth cloak bag, a cloth gown and cassock, a stuff gown, a perriwig, 2 pair of silk stockings, 1 pair of shoes,&c. the goods of william savage, on the 28th of september last. richard lukes deposed, that as he was going along he heard a small coal boy cry out to a man(who laid the goods mentioned in the indictment on a bulk at the corner of lombard-street,) that's none of your sack; that the prisoner came up said it was his, took it up, and carried it from the corner of lombard-street to threadneedle-street, where(the boy crying out thieves) he dropt it; that the small coal boy followed and took the prisoner, and he staid to look after the goods; that there were three of them in all, but the other two got away; that there was a light in a brandy shop next the bulk, by which he saw them all very plain, and was sure the prisoner was the person who took the goods up at the corner of lombard-street, saying they were his, and carried them to threadneedle-street; that the small coal boy(who took him, but could not be found to give evidence now) told him he saw one take it off a horse on london-bridge, and carry it to lombard-street end. the goods were produced in court, and swore to by the prosecutor and his man. who being then come out of the country, the prosecutor took coach in southwark, and left his man to take care of the goods and horses. the prisoner denied the fact, and said that he had been at the angel and crown in white chappel, and going by the change they laid hold of him; he also called several to his reputation. but the evidence being very positive that he was the person who said the goods were his, and that he carried them from the bulk in lombard-street to threadneedle-street the jury found him guilty. transportation. william fletcher, alias fellowes, of st. brides, was indicted for assaulting richard schingle on the high way, putting him in fear. and taking from him a hat value 5 s. and a perriwig value 5 l. on the 12th of september last. the prosecutor deposed, that as he was going along fleetstreet, the prisoner set his foot before him and threw him down, took his hat and wig and run cross the way with them; that he jostled him several times before, and though he was much hurt and bruised by the fall yet he got up and ran after him. john griffin deposed, that as he was light ing a gentleman and two gentlewomen along he heard the cry of stop thief, and the prisoner running between them he laid hold of him, who dropt the hat and wig at his feet. another deposed, that he saw the prisoner jostle the prosecutor. three others deposed, that they saw the prisoner with the hat and wig in his hand, and that when he was seized he dropt them. the hat and wig were also produced in court and swore to by the prosecutor. the prisoner in his defence said that the prosecutor was drunk, and fell down, and that he went to help him up; but called none to prove it, nor any to his reputation. the jury found him guilty. death. thomas tompion and ann tompion his wife, of alhallows the great, were indicted for privately stealing a silk purse value 6 d. 11 guineas, from the person of elizabeth cole, on the 20th of september last. elizabeth cole deposed, that she went to the temple-stairs to take water and called out, two pence to pepper-alley; that the prisoners were in a boat there, said they were going thither, and invited her into the boat; that they made room for her to set in the middle, and ann tompion sat on that side of her where her pocket with the purse of guineas were; that she made some rusling about her petticoats, which she(the prosecutor) thought might be occasion'd by their hoops incommoding one another; that when they were got to dowgate, ann tompion said to her husband, my dear. we have forgot the writings; he replied, we can do nothing without them, we must go back again for them, but won't hinder the gentlewoman but call a pair of oars; which they did, and went out of the boat; that when she was landed at pepper alley, and got to the top of the stairs, she feeling for money to pay the waterman mist her purse of guineas; whereupon she went into tuly-street to mr. hart, whom she was going to pay them to, and acquainted him with her misfortune; that it was then half an hour after 12 a clock. that mr. hart went back with her immediately to pepper-alley stairs, where they took boat, and telling the waterman how she had been served; and asking if be knew any thief taker, he said yes; carried them to black-fryers, and then went with them to(an acquaintance of his) mr murrel's at the coach and horses in black and white court in the old bailey; where telling her case, and describing the persons who were in the boat with her, as that he was a fat man with a smiling countenance, a sword by his side, and a two tail'd wig on; she had a red damask silk gown and petticoat on, a gold chain and locket about her neck, and bobs in her ears, mrs. murrel said it must be the prisoners; and went to their house, but they were not within; that mrs. murrel went again and the prosecutor along with her in a riding-hood mrs. murrel lent her to conceal her self in; that then they were both within, and she was positive they were the same persons who were in the boat with her. that she had received 9 moidores of mr. hart to dispose of for him, and was to have 6 d. a piece profit, that she left them at mr. brandon's in lombard-street, and took guineas, which she paid away for a piece of holland, and received the 11 guineas mentioned in the indictment of mr. bladen in hatton garden, and was sure she had them in her pocket when she went into the boat. john roberts deposed, that he was at pepper alley stairs when mrs. cole landed, and confirmed what she had swore as to her coming back from tuly-street with mr. hart, and his carrying them to black-fryers and going with them to mr. murrels, and what pass'd there; and further deposed, that he went with mrs. cole to the temple stairs to enquire after the waterman who took her into his boat there to the seeming gentleman and his wife, and left a note there promising a reward if he would appear, or to any who could produce him. roger cole deposed, that he came with his wife from rotherhith(where they live) into the city, and parted with her at the still-yard; that she was going to mr. bladen's in hatton garden to receive some money, but that he did not know mr. bladen himself, he being a mariner and not acquainted with his wife's dealings. mr. hart confirmed what mrs. cole had before deposed, as to the moidores and her coming to him, and his going with her and the waterman(roberts) to mr. murrel's, and what past there. mr. murrel deposed, that he knew roberts, and that he came with mrs. cole and mr. hart to his house to enquire for a thief taker, confirmed what mrs. cole swore before relating to what pass'd in his house, and farther deposed, that when mrs. cole came from the prisoner's house with his wife, and had seen them, and declared that she was positive they were the same persons who invited her into the boat to them, that he then said there was no occasion for a thief-taker, he would be thief-taker himself; for he would send for them to his house, whither he was sure they would come, and then have a constable and secure them; he also gave a bad character of mr. tompion and his house. mrs. murrel confirmed roberts, hart, and mrs. cole's coming to her house, and the prosecutor's telling her story as before, and that when she heard her description of the persons, she(this evidence) said it might be the prisoner's for she(ann tompion) was reputed to be the most ingenious pick-pocket in london. that she went to the prisoner's house under pretence of borrowing a sword for her husband; that they were not then at home; but she went in and up stairs, where she found one woman washing of clothes, another washing her feet. that sometime after she went again with mrs. cole(to whom she had lent her riding-hood) and found them both at home; that she told mr. tompion her husband desired him to lend him a sword, and that he would let it be a good one, to which he readily consented, and brought her one with a silver hilt, saying there's a sword will see the devil out. that when mrs. tompion saw mrs. cole(though conceal'd as much as could be in her riding-hood) she ask'd who she was; to which this evidence reply'd, a friend of hers she met on ludgate-hill, whereupon mrs. tompion turn'd away her face, that she then had on a suit of callicoe, but when she was taken she had a gown of her husbands on. that when they came out mrs cole declared that she was sure they were the same persons who were in the boat with her. henry yates deposed, that he keeps a cooks shop in the same court, and that mrs. tompion told him that she had been out to get in some money, and after several disappointments had met with one who owed her 11 guineas and had paid her, that she told him so the day before croydon fair, but he could not be positive whether she said 11 guineas or 13; nor whether she said she received it that day or the day before. samuel chester deposed, that mr. tompion had kept a bawdy house in black and white court for several years. the prisoners denied the fact, and said that they were not out of their house all that day, and called the following evidence to prove it. elizabeth lambert deposed, that she went to the prisoners house between 12 and 1 to carry them some money, and that they were both at home then; and being askt how she came to take notice of the day, said, she could not tell the day of the month; but it was the day before croydon fair. sarah linnet deposed that she was as the prisoners house the day before craydans fair from 11 till 3, and that they were at home all the time; and being ask'd what she was, and how she came to go and stay there so long, said she was a servant, had been arrested and put into the compter, but clear'd by the late act, and went there for some writings for her safety. susannah chickley deposed, that she had been servant there, and that the prisoners were not out of doors all that day till 8 or 9 at night. richard lloyd deposed, that he carried a pot of beer there and saw them both at home. will. tompkins deposed, that he is mr. tompion's journeyman( a watchmaker) and that the prisoners were at home all day till about 7 or 8 a clock at night, and that one mr. facey paid him 13 guineas on the monday. that though be workt above stairs he was obliged to go down often into the kitchen to light a candle, where he constantly found them. elizabeth gooseman deposed, that she had been a servant to the prisoner 5 weeks, and that they were not out of the house till 7 or 8 a clock that night, when her master went out to hire a coach to go to croydon fair the next day: and that her mistress wore that day a damask gown of her master's. henry king deposed, that he went to mr. murrels on the 26th of september, and raised a discourse concerning the prisoners; and that mrs. murrel used some invectives against them, clapt her hands, and seemed to have a grudge against them. benchior higgins deposed, that he went with the former evidence to mrs. murrels, and said that mrs. murrel seemed to have some spleen against the prisoners. the evidence for the king gave the prisoners house a very ill character, and said that some of the women who gave evidence for them used to go out to pick up men and carry them in there. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted thomas, tompion, and found ann his wife guilty of the indictment. death. elizabeth eves and william reynolds, of st. andrews holbourn, were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing a silver tankard value 5 l. a silver tumbler, a silver mug, two pieces of old fashion silver, 6 silver button's&c. the goods of george owen, in the dwelling house of mary magick, on the 14th of september last; and william reynolds as accessory in receiving the same, knowing them to be stole. frances owen deposed, that she had the plate in her possession in trust for her nephew by order of my lord chancellor; and that the prisoner eves was her servant, and ask'd her on the friday to give her leave for an hour and half to go to her mothers; that she went but did not return; that on the sunday she mist the plate, and sent to the prisoner eaves's mother, who produced her, and the confest that she took the goods at several times, and sold them to mr. reynolds. that they got the recorder's warrant to search mr. reynolds's house, and found the tankard behind a shutter in his shop; that he then said he had not bought a tankard in 6 weeks afterwards said he bought it that day was sevennight, and said before the justice that he bought it at a market price. mr. weaver deposed that he met eves and askt her how her mistress did; that he met her again betimes on on saturday morning, who seemed to be in confusion, as if she had been up all night; that he went to his sister's(mrs. owen) told her how he had met betty, and bid her see if she had not lost any thing; that he went along with them to search mr. reynolds's house, and found two pieces of old fashion silver belonging to a socket produced in court; that mr. reynolds said he had not bought a tankard for 6 weeks; but he(this evidence bid the constable move a shutter, and found it there without the lid; that it weighed 18 ounces without the lid, and that eves said he gave her 4 guineas and 15 s. in silver for it with the lid; and that being askt what was become of the lid, he answered, he believed he might have sold it. mrs. weaver deposed that she went with the constable to search mr. reynold's house for the goods, who pulled our a small drawer from under his glass case, and shewed them rings and trifles; that when they had found the two pieces of old fashion silver in an open drawer in his shop, they then ask'd for the tankard, tumbler, mugg, and buttons, whereupon he opened his press all but one shutter(which she caused to be opened,) and found the tankard there without the lid; and that the constable said the lid had been taken off lately, the pin looking as if it had been filed within 3 days; that mr. reynolds said he had it above 6 weeks; the tankard which was mark'd g m m, was produced in court and swore to. the confession of the prisoner eves was read in court, and she also owned the fact on her tryal. mr. reynolds in his defence said that he bought the mug, tumbler, and tankard of eves at the market price, that he gave 4 guineas, 7 shillings in silver, and a ring of 18 s. value for the tankard; that the told him it was some old plate of mrs. owen's, who had sent her to sell it for her. mrs. reynolds deposed, that she was in her father's shop when eves brought in the tankard to sell; that there were others in the shop, and eves put the tankard on the compter; that it was the 5th of september last; that her father weighed it, and gave her a ring, 4 guineas, and some silver for it, but she did not know the weight of it, not how much silver he gave her, she going then to look after the glasses in the windows; that she was drest very clean and tight, without a hood or riding-hood, with a white apron and handkerchief; that when she was gone she askt her father if he knew her; who told her that he had bought something of her before. mr. marlow deposed, that he had know mr. reynolds many years, that he had a general fair character in all his dealings; that the tankard was not worth 5 s. per ounce some time ago, there was so much solder in it, neither was it worth more now. mr. marlow, brother of the former, confirmed the same both as to character, and value of the plate. mr. eggleton deposed, that mr. reynolds is one of the court of assistants of the goldsmiths company, and has been pitcht on for particular matters in assays and valuing of plate, in respect to his judgment and honesty. mr. green deposed, that he had known mr. reynolds 20 years, had workt for him, and found him always just and honest; that the tankard is not worth more than 5 l. per ounce, and that mr. reynolds could not get above half a crown by buying of it. the jury consdering the matter, acquitted william reynold, and found elizabeth eves guilty. death. thomas flory, of st. michael at quern, was indicted for privately stealing a silk hankerchief value 2 s. from the person of isaac tilliard on the 26th of september last. the prosecutor deposed, that as he was going along cheapside, just by the conduit, the prisoner and another jostled him, and he lost his handkerchief. mr. holland deposed, that as he was going through cheapside between 3 and 4 in the afternoon aforesaid, he stopt to buy some fruit, and the woman told him there were two pickpockets followed the prosecutor, whereupon he made haste after them, and saw the prisoner take the prosecutor's handkerchief out of his pocket and drop it on the ground; upon which he took him by the collar, and acquainted the prosecutor therewith. the prisoner in his defence said, that the prosecutor's handkerchief was half out of his pocket, and he rushing by, it fell on the ground. the jury considering the matter, found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. david wilford of st. peters cornhill, was indicted for feloniously stealing a vellom pocket-book, value 1 s. the goods of charles townsend, on the 25th of july last. the prosecutor deposed, that he being in change alley, mr, levit turn'd him round, and told him that the prisoner had pickt his pocket; that he saw his pocket-book in the prisoner's hand, and saw him drop it, but there being a crowd he got away; that he being in form'd that he ran into the compter, he went after him, and after much searching and stir, found him in the kitchen in a black coat, though he was genteely drest in brown when he did the fact. mr. levit deposed, that he saw the prisoner in the alley, and was told that he was a pickpocket; that be observed him to follow the prosecutor a good while, and by jonathan's coffee-house saw him take the book out of his coat pocket; whereupon he turn'd the prosecutor round and told him; but the crowd gathering he got away and ran into the compter, which this evidence being in form'd of, went to sir william withers, who ordered them to search, and to bid the keepers refuse them at their peril; that they searched a long while, but could not find him; till at last they were told that he was in the kitchen, where they found him in black clothes; but they using some words, the clothes he did the fact in were produced. the prisoner denied the fact, and said that he sold old clothes in the mint for a livelihood; but had no evidence to prove it, not any to his reputation. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. abraham poore, of st. dunstan's in the west, was indicted for privately stealing a silk handkerchief value 2 s. 6 d from the person of charles winckworth on the 5th of september last. the prosecutor deposed, that he lost his handkerchief out of his pocket against st dunstan's church in fleet-street. mr. adams deposed, that he was going along at the same time, and that there was a great burying; and that as the prosecutor was going to cross the way, he saw the prisner jostle him. and take his hankerchief out of his pocket, and that there was another with the prisner; that he immediately acquainted the prosecutor with it, and the prisoner confest it and said that he should have it again. the prisoner on his tryal denied the fact, but called none to his reputation. the jury considering the matter, found him guilty to the value of 10 d transportation. elizabeth williams, of st.andrews holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a perriwing, value 50 s. the goods of john ravenal, on the 5th of september last. but the evidence not being sufficient the jury acquitted her. martha purdew, of st. giles without cripplegate, was indicted for privately stealing a canvas bag. 25 guineas, 2 carolus's and a quarter piece of gold from the person of richard gaudin, on the 26th of september last. the prosecutor deposed that as he was going through cripplegate between 8 and 9 at night the prisoner saluted him with a how do you do countryman? won't you give me a dram? that he went into a brandy shop with her at cripplegate, and gave her a dram; that she asked him how far he was going, and he told her towards islington; she said that was her way, and she would go with him: that when they came to the bell in golden lane she said that as he had been so kind as to treat her before, she would give him a quartern of brandy there: that they had not been there a quarter of an hour before she made an excuse to go to the backside, and staying longer than ordinary he mist his bag of money, and was going after her, but was stopt by the man of the house, who told him that there was a shilling to pay, and he must not go till he had paid it; that he reply'd he had no money left, for the woman that came in with him had pickt his pocket of all he had; that he pull'd out his watch,(worth 7 l.) to leave for the shilling till he redeemed it, but the man of the house said he could not tell whether it was worth it, and kept him there while he opened and lookt upon it. that the next day he went to the brandy shop where they drank at cripplegate, to enquire if they knew her, and told them how she had served him; they said that she came there sometimes, and when she came again they'd send for him; which they did the next day after; that when he took her she owned she had his money, and had bought her 3 gold rings, bobs for her ears and riding hood, and had good clothes on then though in a mean grab when he drank the brandy with her, and lost his money; that there was no body in the room with him but the prisoner; and that he had none of his money back again. john drake deposed, that the prosecutor came to him on the 28th of september, and desired him to go along with him in search of the prisoner, and that a woman came and acquainted him that she was then at the brandy shop; that they went immediately, but she was gone before they got there; that the people of the house told them which way the went and directed them to another brandy shop, from whence she was also just gone; but by their directions they followed and found her in a poor garret wherein were a few flocks and rags, but no bed; that they lookt under the door and saw her lying on her back, got the door open, and he(this evidence) went to her and told her she was his prisoner: that she owed she took the prosecutor's money; but said she had those clothes before she took it; and that she also said she had gold, if the prosecutor would make it up. the jury found her guilty of the indictment. death. james allen and jane baine, of st. peters in middlesex were indicted, the former for feloniously stealing a wooden box, a king edward's shilling,a queen elizabeth's 6 d. and a blue silk apron, from the person of elizabeth coffering on the 7th of september last: and jane baine for receiving the silk apron knowing it to be stole. the prosecutor deposed that she being alone at her own door between 10 to 11 the night aforesaid, fell asleep, and the prisoner allen came and pickt her pocket of her box and money, and took her short apron; that he owned the fact and said he had sold the pieces of money at a gold-smith in the minories for 15d. where they were found accordingly; and gave the apron to baine; that she lost several other things, as two notes which were in the box with the money, but had nothing else again but the money. the constable deposed, that when he took allen he gave him the box again, and told him he had thrown the notes down the grates on tower hill, and confes'd where he had sold the money for 15d. his confession before the justice was read in court; and the box and money produc'd and swore to by the prosecutor. the evidence not being sufficient against jane baine, the jury acquitted her, and found james allen guilty to the value of 10d. transportation. william withall, alias harris, of st. andrews holbourn, was indicted for breaking open the dwelling house of william gore, esq; in the night time, and taking thence 24 pewter plates value 24 s. 2 brass sauce pans value 2 s. 6d. the goods of the said william gore; and a gown, 8 yards of edging, some muslin,&c. the goods of ann dilley, on the 19th of august last. ann dilley deposed, that the doors and windows were fast in the evening. that they set up till between 12 and 1 when they heard a noise in the scullery and another room, but thinking it to the cat, they went to bed; and between 4 and 5 in the morning a man came and knockt them up; that when she came down stairs she found the iron bar broke out of the window, and the goods gone. that about a fortnight or 3 weeks after her gown was found on the back of rebecca airy. rebecca airy deposed, that the prisoner lodged in her house 5 days, and went out the 19th of august at night, but did not come home again till between 5 and 6 the next morning, when he gave her the gown, saying there was an old gown which she might make things for her children with; but she wore it her self, and it was owned on her back in grays-inn; that he also brought in some plates and two sauce-pans at the same time. anthony knapp deposed, that the prisoner lay with him, staid out all friday night, came home the 20th in the morning, and gave the gown to their landlady. jonathan james deposed, that he being out to see all safe the back-side the buildings, found the windows of the green-house open, whereupon he went round to raise the family; that 2 quarrels of glass were taken out, and the iron bar wrencht. mr. dacres deposed, that airy was found in grays-inn with the gown on her, and he being the nearest constable, was sent for, that airy then said she had it of the prisoner, who threw it on her bed, and said she might make things of it for her children, but she chose to wear it her self. the gown was produced in court and swore to by dilley. the prisoner denied the fact, but called none to his reputation. the jury found him guilty. death. elizabath white, of st. mary in whitechappel, was indicted for feloniously stealing a holland smock value 12 s. the goods of samuel perrey, esq; and a mobb value 1 s. the goods of ann nicholas on the 29th of september last. it appeared that the prisoner used to wash at the prosecutor's house, and took the goods, which were found upon her; and her confession was read in court. the prisoner called several to her reputation, who gave her a good character, and deposed that they heard no ill of her before. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. to be whipt. benjamin speed, john brewinton, and charles moore of st. paul's covent garden, were indicted for feloniously stealing 2 cloth seats of a coach, value 30 s. the goods of joseph barnard, on the 6th of octob last. and eleanor griffiths for entertaining them and receiving the same knowing them to be stole. joseph barnard deposed, that he lent out his coach to john andrews the day aforesaid, with 4 seats in it, and when he brought it home there was but two: that when he went before the justice next day he saw his two seats that were missing, but the feathers taken out. john andrews deposed, that as he was driving the coach by king-street, a gentleman call'd to him and told him he believed he was robb'd, whereupon he got down and mist the seats; that he saw the prisoners go into the pizza in covent garden, and the gentleman and himself followed them; that he took william lewellin(who was with them) by the collar and secured him, who told the next morning where they might find the other 3, which they did accordingly. william lewellin deposed, that his father caught him and speed breaking open his stall, and sent them to bridewell, but having got out and meeting the prisoners he went along with them; that speed took the seats out of the coach and gave them to brewinton, but that he knew nothing of the woman(griffiths). mr. blackham deposed, that as he was walking under the piazzas in covent garden,(it being a wet night) he saw lewellin and three others go out after a coach, and he suspecting that they had a mind to rob somebody that might be in it, watcht them, which they observing, speed came up to him, swore, and struck at him; that there were 4 about the coach, and 4 went under the piazzas. james wigg deposed, that the constable sent for him to carry lewellin to prison; who said, if he would let him he would make a confession where he might take the other three; that they found them at griffith's house in newtoners lane, two of them in bed and the seats between the bed and matt, but the feathers taken out of them, the other prisoner was just leapt out of bed in another room. henry becket deposed, that he was the constable that carried lewellin to the round house that night, and before the justice the next day, where he denied every thing; but as he was carrying him to newgate he said if he would go back again he would make an ingenious confession; that upon his confession they had a search warrant and went to griffiths house in newtoners lane where they found the prisoners, and the two seats, which were produced in court and swore to by the prosecutor. the jury considering the matter acquitted griffiths; and found the three men guilty of the indictment. transportation. thomas paine of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for privately stealing 12 yards of shag value 48 s. and 6 pound of feathers value 6 s. the goods of samuel shepherd; and a cloth coat the goods of and 1 sack the goods of, on the 15th of september last. mrs. shepherd deposed, that in the evening she went into the coach-house and lockt the doors, but in the morning about 5 found the door broke and the goods gone, which were afterwards found at the prisoner's. samuel shepherd deposed, that his wife telling him the door was open and the lining and seats of his coach gone, he got a search warrant. searcht several houses, and at last the prisoner's, where he found his goods: that the prisoner said two men, robert whitlock and william sibley, brought them to his house, but owned that he was with them[several words unclear] was committed; that whitlock and sibley[several words unclear] he went to look after them. the[several words unclear] said, that two men came into his[several words unclear] drink geneva, and brought the goods with them: but could not prove it, nor cald any to his reputation. the jury considering the matter found him guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d. transportation. mary granger and sarah lawson of st. mildred in the poultry, were indicted for privately stealing two gold rings, two diamond rings, garnets.&c. to the value of 18 l. on the 15th of september last. the prosecutor deposed, that as he was going home between 11 and 12 the prisoners ask him to give them a glass of wine; that they went to three crains in the poultry, where they pick his pocket of the goods mentioned in the indictment; that his box was found in granger's bosom, but the rings,&c. were taken out of it, and upon searching her some were found that night, others next morning, that he had been at the other end of the town, was a little merry but not drunk. richard evans deposed, that he was sent for, and when he came the prosecutor said the prisoners had robb'd him, that he took a candle and look upon the ground round granger before she was search'd and there was nothing there then; that he found the steal box in her bosom empty, and a ring and some small stones were found on the ground after searching her, which were not there before; that the next morning the rest of the goods were brought(except 5 diamonds and a ring) wrapt up in her handkerchief, and that the prosecutor then owned the goods but not the handkerchief they were brought in. the drawer at the tavern deposed, that the prosecutor came with the prisoners to their house the night aforesaid and that when they were going away, he knowing granger to be an ill woman, ask him if he had not lost any thing, and that he feeling in his pockets said, yes, he had lost his box with the rings and jewels in it, whereupon he shut the door, brought them back and sent for a constable; that the constable took a candle and lookt round them, and he saw him(the constable) take the box out of granger's bosom, and he found a ring and same small stones on the ground. another deposed, that the prosecutor sent for him the next morning, told him the prisners had pickt his pocket, and askt him to go before the justice with him; that they went to the star-tavern in coleman-street, were part of the goods were brought and deliver'd to him, particularly one ring which he could swear to. that an old woman, said to be granger's mother, brought them. the jury considering the matter, acquitted lawson, and found granger guilty of the indictment. death. joseph jackson of finchley,(together with richard dickinson not yet taken) was indicted for a misdemeanour in assaulting john cheltenham and thomas carter on the high way on the 7th of september last, with an intent to rob them. he was a second time indicted for the like offence, in assaulting james innocent on the high way with an intent to rob him. john cheltenham deposed, that they having taken a ride out on the 7th of september, as they were coming over finchley-common about half an hour after 6 a clock, the prisoner and dickinson rode very hard up to them; that the prisoner rode against him with such fury that though he caught hold of him(this evidence) he fell off his horse into the ditch, tore his face and eyes very much, and pull'd him(this evidence) into the ditch upon him; that dickinson clapt a pistol to mr. carter's breast, and said, d--- n you stand and deliver your money; that he heard him say the same to capt. innocent who was coming on with a gentlewoman in a shaise; that mr. carter rid after dickinson toward the shaise, who riding off, he came back to him(this evidence) in the ditch and bid him rise and mount, which as soon as he could disintangle himself from the prisoner he did. that be found a pistol in the prisoner's pocket charged and prim'd, and they carry'd him to browns-well-house; where he swore we should not keep him without a proper officer: that there were 3 high way men more on the common that night. mr. carter confirmed the same, and farther deposed, that dickinson clapt his pistol to his breast twice, and the last time it flash'd in the pan but did not go off; that then he rode up to capt. innocent, bid him stand and deliver, and flash'd a pistol at him, which did not go off neither; that dickinson rode off, the capt. drove away and he rode back to his friend in the ditch(who in this for surprise he had forgot) that they went to brown's-well-house, where they found capt. innocent and the gentlewoman who were in the shaise; that mr. cheltenham and himself went out to seek after the prisoner, and found him coming softly down the road; that mr. cheltenham seized him and took a pistol out of his pocket, and he(this evidence) took another out of his other pocket, both of them loaded and prim'd, and produced in court. the prisoner denied that he had any such intent, and said that he was under some misfortunes, and carried the pistols for his defence. the jury found him guilty of both indictments. fined 20 l for each offence to suffer 3 years imprisonment, and stand committed till he pays his fines. richard cecil, of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for breaking and entring the dwelling house of charles windell on the 16th june last, in the night time, with an intent to steal. the prosecutor deposed, that he keeps the globe in hungerford-market and that his house was broke open between 1 and 2 a clock; that he lost no goods; but had a great many thousand pounds worth of plate and linnen, belonging to some of the nobility, and others, under his care. richard webb deposed,that about 11 a clock he brought down a cart load at goods of the duke of newcastle's to the prosecutor's house, that he lockt and barr'd the door and windows, and saw every thing safe; that about one a clock he found a window of a back room next the waterside open, which he had barr'd; whereopon he left his brother to guard that window, while he went round to the door, where he took the prisoner coming out of the house.- webb deposed, that he staid at the window while the former evidence went round to the door, that while he waited there he heard a bolt shoot in the house, and that when the prisoner was taken, he went up to the former evidence's assistance. ann windell deposed,that the prisoner came to their house about 8 or 9 a clock, and he not liking the room he was in, she shewed him another; that when he had drank his drink he went away, and afterwards came again, and call'd for brandy; that about 12 a clock they turn'd him out, and the house was made safe. the prisoner denied that he broke the house or that he went into it with an intent to steal, and in his defence said, that having been in the house that night before, went into the same room again, the door being open, and knock'd and call'd but no body answering he came to the door and was seized. but the jury not taking his word for it, found him guilty of the indictment. death. jane ross of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 7 pewter pots, 2 damask napkins, and a lac'd mobb, the goods of thomas maddox on the 12th september last: but the evidence not-being sufficient the jury acquitted her. charles saunders of st.andrews holbourn, was indicted for assaulting hannah watson on the high-way. on the 8th of this instant october, putting her in fear taking from her, a pocket, 5 keys, and 4 s. 6 d. in money. it appeared that the prosecutor going along kingsgate-street about 9 at night with her petticoat over head to keep off the rain, the prisoner came by and pull'd off her pocket with the keys and money in it, and she seeing of him run, mist her pocket and cry'd out stop thief; thus he finding himself pursued, made a stop, then ran a little further and was taken, and the pocket was found thrown over some rails just where he stopt, that there was no body near her but the prisoner; that he made his escape from them as they were carrying him to the watch-house, but he was soon re-taken. it did not appear that she was put in fear, but that her pocket was rather privately taken from her; the jury found him guilty of felony only. transportation. ann powell of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 5 pair of jumps value 50 s.and 3 stomachers value 6 s. in the dwelling house of james sykes on the 21st of september last. it appeared that mrs. sykes met the prisoner coming out of her house with 2 pair of jumps under her petticoats, which she took from her; that the prisoner ran away but mrs. sykes followed her crying stop thief, that the prisoner ran into a shop, but dropt the 3 stomachers in her flight; that the prosecutor having lost goods several times before, went into fee-lane to enquire for jumps to fit her, and in one shop had two pair of her own brought to her, and in another one pair; all which were sworn to be bought of the prisoner, and to be the prosecutor's, and that those she had on her back were his also. her confession, wherein she owned the taking 2 pair of jumps and 3 stomchers was read in court. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 39s. transportation. john harris of st. giles without cripplegate, was indicted for breaking the dwelling house of isaac purser in the night-time, and taking thence 2 gowns, a callimancoe petticoat, a quilted petticoat, a riding hood, a drugget coat and a cloth wastcoat, on the 17th of february last. elizabeth purser deposed that when she went out(about 7 or 8 a clock) her inner door was lockt, and the outer door on the latch for the convenience of her lodgers; that she came home about 9 and found her door broke and the goods gone; that william field gave her notice that the prisoner and himself commited the fact. william field deposed, that the prisoner and himself went to the prosecutor's house on the 17th of february last between 9 and 10 at night; that they lifted up the latch of outer door, and broke the inner door open with a chissel; that the prisoner took the goods, and gave them to him in a bag, which they afterwards sold to eliz glanister. jonathan wild deposed, that he knows the prisoner; that he has been condemned before, has been an evidence against several, convicted some, and has kept company with field. the jury found him guilty. death. richard glassford, of st. andrews holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 gold ring, a drugget coat and wastcoat, a pair of shoes and stockings, the goods of john smith, on the 25th of september last. it appeared that the prosecutor and the prisoner were fellow-prentices together; and that the prisoner ran away from his master, but was brought home again on the saturday and kept up on the sunday; that on sunday night he got out of the house and took the goods mentioned in the indictment with him; that the hat, shoes and stockings were found upon him. the jury considering the matter, found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. elizabeth firth, of st. martins in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a poplin gown and petticoat value 8 s. a camblet gown and petticoat value 6 s. a pair of stayes 2 s. a silk hood 1 s. and 5 s. in money, the goods and money of george leadbeater, on the 12th of september last. it appeared that the prisoner was the prosecutor's lodger, took the goods and went away with them; that she was taken 4 days afterwards, and the goods found upon her, which were produced in court, and owned by the prosecutor. the jury found her guilty. transportation. martha thomas, of st. ann's westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 linnen shift value 3 s. the goods of thomas palmer, on the 1 st of january last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. jane duff, of st. clement danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing 144 glass bottles value 20 s. the goods of john warner, on the 12th september last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. ann raven, of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 cloth seats of a coach value 5 s. the goods of a person unknown, on the 13th of september last. roberts diggs deposed, that he pull'd the coach out of the yard to make room to carry in some timber; that the seats were in the coach when he pull'd it out, but gone when he put it in again; that he followed the prisoner, and found her with 1 seat under her, the other in her hand; and that the confest it before the justice. another evidence confirmed the finding the seats as before. the jury found her guilty. transportation. dorothy hellom, of st. peters in middlesex, was indicted for breaking open the house of william mills in the day time, no person being therein, and taking thence a silk gown and petticoat value 6 l. a quilted petticoat value 10 s. 8 damask napkins 16 s. a damask table cloth 30 s. a lawn sheet 40 s. and one hoiland shirt 15 s. on the 14th of august last. she was a second time indicted for breaking the house of samuel caldicut in the day time, no person being therein, and taking thence a blue apron value 1 s. and a muslin neckcloth value 6 d. on the 20th of july last. it appeared plainly that the prisoner took the goods and told where she had disposed of them, and that they were found accordingly; which she owned before the justice, and her confession was read in court. but the evidence not being sufficient to fix the burglaries on her, the jury acquitted her of them; and found her guilty of felony only on each indictment. transportation. nathaniel hawes, of st. clement danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing 7 yards and half of sattin value 18 s. 5 yards of mohair 28 s. 47 yards of camblet 6 l. 13 s. 6 d. 8 yards of burdet, and four yards of tiking in the dwelling house of james gronas and gladwell peyton. on the 9th of september last. gladwell peyton deposed, that the prisoner had been with him 3 months upon liking in order to be apprentice to him; that he missing goods several times, made enquiry after them; that on saturday morning the prisoner went away, and left word that he was going to another master; that he was seen to be flush of money and had got himself lac'd ruffles,&c. that he having notice that the prisoner used to go often to mr. phillip's, a piece broker, he got a warrant to search his house, where he found several of his goods, as mohair, damask, camblet,&c. and that he sold him that for 24 s. and 6 d. which was worth 10 l. 24 s. mr. green deposed, that when he served the warrant on the prisoner, he owned that he stole the goods from his master, and sold them to the piece broker. mr. browne deposed, that he went to the prisoner in the round house. who owned to him that he had stole goods from his master and sold them to john phillips, who bid him bring what he would and he would buy it, that he told him several particulars and the prices he had sold them for, which he set down from his own month, and the prisoner afterwards signed it. mr. fortune confirmed the former evidence. the prisoner owned his signing the paper in court, which was read, by which the goods appeared to be sold greatly under the value. the jury considering the matter, found him guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. mary bowen of st. andrews holbourn, was indicted for that she together with sarah matthews(not yet taken) did privately steal from the person of thomas patrick, a silver watch value 7 l. 10 s. and 13 s. in money, on the 16th of september last. the prosecutor deposed, that as he was going home about 11 at night. he met the prisoner and sarah matthews against grays-inn-lane, who askt him to drink a glass, that he went with them to a brandy shop in grays-inn-lane, and they pickt his pocket of his watch and money. ann masters deposed, that the prisoner and sarah matthews came into her shop the night before, and the prisoner then said they were to go halves in what they got for a fortnight; that on the 16th at night they came in with the prosecutor; that the prosecutor said his pocket was pickt, whereupon the prisoner pawned her coat for a crown, and gave another crown out of her pocket to pacify him; that sarah matthews and the prosecutor went out together, and the prisoner remained in her shop half an hour after they were gone. another evidence deposed that when the prisoner was taken by the constable she owned that she knew where the watch was pawned for 20 s. and said he should have it again if he would let her go. the jury considering the matter found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. elizabeth lambert of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a grasett gown value 20 s. the goods of william westall, on the 19th of june last: but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. susanah martin of finchley, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 holland shifts value 2 s. 2 suits of headclothes 3 s. a callicoe gown and petticoat 1 s. 6 d. the goods of jacob rust, on the 30th of august last. it appeared that the prisoner was the prosecutor's hired servant, that she came on thursday noon, and went away the monday morning following, and the goods were mist: that about a fortnight, or three weeks after, she was found at enfield with the gown upon her back. the jury found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. stephen delforce, of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted on the new act of parliament for the more effectual transporting of felons,&c. for that he having been formerly convicted of felony, and transported among other convicts from newgate for the same, had returned into the kingdom of great britain before his time, without any lawful cause; which being fully proved upon him, the jury found him guilty. death. elizabeth brittain, of st. paul's shadwell, was indicted for a misdemeanour in inticing robert austen a black smith to go beyond sea to exercise his trade contrary to the statute in that case made and provided. but no evidence appearing against her, she was acquitted. hester filewood, of st. botolph without aldgate was indicted for privately stealing a silk purse 2 d. and 11 guineas, on the 10th of october last the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. henry membry,of st. dunstan in the east, gent. was indicted for the murder of ann pooley, by throwing her down to the ground, and striking, beating, and kicking her on the head and back on the 7th of september last, of which striking, beating and kicking she languished till the 9th of the said month and then died. josiah wright deposed, that he being at tower hill the 7th of september about 9 at night, and hearing the cry as of a person in distress, he went up to them and saw the prisoner kick the deceased near the small of her back as she was on the ground; and that he said to her, get up, you bitch, you shall have a run for it; that he followed and struck her on the back; that he was sure the deceased was the person kickt, and the prisoner the man who did it, he knowing them both, and the moon shining very bright; this evidence being askt if he knew where the prisoner lived, answered, yes, he's a dyer in tower street. elizabeth tilsley, elizabeth walker and hannah day, confirmed the former evidence as to the prisoner's kicking and striking of the deceased, and bidding her get up and run; they were sure the deceased was the same person he served so, for they knew her by her yellow stomacher, black stockings and rag about her. williams day and matthew ballard corroborated the former evidences. lawrence farril deposed, that the prisoner came into the nags-head-alehose that night while he was there, blamed the officers for suffering such loose cattle to lye about the hill, and said that he had just knockt one down on one side. another on the other, and one bitch he kickt down and up again. mary gideon deposed, that the overseers brought the deceased to her to look after at 8 a clock on thursday morning, and that she died at one a clock the same night; that she did not speak all the time she was with her; that she did not observe any bruises on her while she was alive, but when she was dead she was as black as a shoe from ear to hip every where. the prisoner in his defence said that he went that night to smoak a pipe with a friend, and on tower hill heard murder cry'd out, and a voice cry capt. membry. that when he came up he found a parcel of black guards, and bid them disperse themselves; that he did set his foot in the breech of one of them, not the deceased, and said, run you dog, it is good for your health. john ruart, deposed, that as he was on his duty, he heard the people say that there was a women drunk or dead in thames street, near the custom-house, he went to see her, and found a poor ragged girl, that could not speak lying on the stones, that it was wednesday night between 8 and 9 a clock; that watchmen took her away, and he saw her next morning lying among the stones on tower hill, but could not tell whether it was the deceased or not. williams white and john bliss deposed, that they carried such a girl from thames street to tower hill about 11 a clock that night by order of the constable, that she might not be chargeable to their parish: that she had on a black gown, black stockings, and leather bodice john king deposed, that he was sent for to sam's coffee-house, upon the same occasion, and order'd the last evidences to carry her to tower hill for the reasons aforesaid, and that she had on a dark gown, a pretty clean shift, black stockings, and(he believes) a yellow stomacher. mr. urquehart deposed, that he saw the girl lying on tower-hill on thursday morning with some straw on each side, and a stone under her head; that he sent her to the nurse, and went and told captain membry that the people said he had kickt her to death, and advised him to send a surgeon to her to clear himself; that he went along with the surgeon; that the girl was put to bed, washt, a clean smock put on, and they examined her body and found no hurt at all, but only a small scratch(like one done by a pin) on her arm; that when he heard she was dead, be went again with the surgeon and searcht, that then he found no bruises, but only the settling of the blood as usual. mr. glenn deposed, that he went with the former evidence(the overseer of the poor) to see the girl, that he told them the was dying, that the was starved, and he believed in convulsions, that he had her stript and turn'd, to search her, that he found no marks of bruise or tumour, nor any thing else but what is usual after death by the setling of the blood. three other evidences confirm'd what had been deposed by the watchmen, overseer and surgeon. ruth downes, a giril, deposed, that she was upon tower-hill with ann trundley on wednesday about 9 a clock at night, and ann trundley hitting her self against an iron fell a beating this evidence, and bit her on the shoulder, whereupon she cry'd out murder, and a gentlemen came by(who taking them for boys) kickt her, and said run you dog run; that she knew ann pooley, and saw her at the keys at 12 at noon that day very bad. ann trundley confirmed the former evidence; and being askt whether she knew ann pooley, and what was become of her, said, yes, she went into the country, got in ague, and fever, and came up and died with a parish nurse on tower-hill; that she used to be with them, but was not there that night. the 4 first evidences being call'd again, deposed, that they did not see either of those two girls there; but that it was the deceased that they saw the prisoner kick. the prisoner called several gentlemen of great reputation and worth to his credit, who gave him a very good character, and that he was a man of compassion and not of cruelty. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted him. thomas belsenger, of st. dunstan at stepney was indicted for committing a rape on the body of martha gilbert, of about 16 years of age, on the 30th of september last. martha gilbert deposed, that the being much troubled with the headache the day aforesaid, laid herself down on the bed, about three of four in the afternoon the prisoner came up stairs to see for a pot, and finding her on the bed, put his hand up her coats, stopt her mouth with his hand, and had carnal knowledge of her by force and against her consent, that she made what resistance she could, and cry'd out as soon as she got his hand from her mouth; whereupon mrs. winny came down to her assistance, caught him in the fact, and pull'd him off from her; that he said if she prosecuted him for a rape, he would swear she pickt his pocket; that he had attempted to put his hands up her coats several times before, for which she had left fetching of drink at his house, that she was up one pair of stairs and mrs. winny up two pair, looking out of clothes. mrs. winny deposed, that she hearing a noise and a bussle went down stairs, found the prosecutor's coats up, and the prisoner between her legs with his breeches down; that she pull'd him off, and he flew at her and scratcht her: that the prosecutor was black in the face with strugling, and could hardly speak: that he said if the prosecutor sued him he would swear she pickt his pocket. jane king deposed, that she lodged in the ground floor, and heard the prisoner coming down stairs say, you bitches if you prosecute me i will swear you pickt my pocket; that he had attempted her formerly, when she heard her leap out of bed to avoid him. mrs. woolley and mrs. britton deposed, that they were sent for to the prosecutor, found that she had received damage, that her body had been enter'd, that her shift at their request was brought; and had all the shew of virginity, and they believed she had no conversation with man till then, and that by force. the prisoner denied the fact, and said winny was not in the house, but came in after: that they pickt his pocket of 5 s. bid him hush, and all should be made easy. a girl of 14 years of age deposed, that she went up to play with mrs. winny's child, and the prisoner came up and askt for pots; that the prosecutor said to him, ye old surfeit here are none; that she prickt him with a pin, and he went to the bed with her, and while they were on the bed together winny took a heap of farthing out of the prisoner's pocket and put them into the prosecutor's lap, and when she got up they fell on the ground; that the prosecutor said to the prisoner, here's three halfpence, one penny more will make it up a pot, and then you shall do it; and that winny's child was asleep on the same bed. ann smith deposed, that the prosecutor was a naughty girl, that about 9 weeks ago she askt the prisoner for a pint of wine, and he gave her a shilling, then put his hands under her petticoats, and this evidence went out of the room; that she was there another time when the prosecutor huncht and gam'd the prisoner, and he told her it was not the first time he had lain with her. edward meadowes(a surgeon) deposed, that he was sent for to go with 2 midwives to search the prosecutor, that she said she never knew man before, and had the same shift on then; that he saw no symptoms of her virginity, and believed she was a common woman before. the midwives were of the same opinion. the prisoner called several to give a character of the prosecutor and mrs. winny, who gave them a very bad one: and also called several to his own reputation, who had known him long, and said he was an honest man and a good neighbour. then the prosecutor called 7 or 8 to clear her reputation and mrs. winny's, who gave them a very good character, as civil, honest and industrious. the jury considering the whole matter, acquitted him. the tryals being over, the court proceeded to give judgement as followeth: receiv'd sentence of death, 9. william fletcher alias fellowes, ann tompion, elizabeth eves, mary granger, martin purdue, william withall, richard cecil, john harris, and stephen delforce. burnt in the hand. 2 richard trantrum, and lucius owen, both formerly convicted. to be transported. 19. thomas bostock, joseph johnson, thomas flory, david wilford, abraham poor, james allen, benjamin speed, john brewinton, charles moore, thomas paine, charles saunders, ann powel, richard glassford, elizabeth firth, ann raven, dorothy hellom, nathaniel huwes, mary bowen, and sussanah martin. to be whipt. 5. elizabeth white, elizabeth fowlis, alias thewlis, jane worsley, alice hewton, and mary green, the three last formerly convicted. joseph jackson fined. 20 l. for each offence, to suffer 3 years imprisonment, and to stand committed till he pays his fines. ann tompion pleaded her belly, and a jury of matrons being impannelled, found her with quick child. some books printed for and sold by edward parker at the bible and crown in lombard street, near stocks market. the christian monitor, containing an earnest exhortation to an holy life; with some directions in order thereto. written in a plain and easie stile, for all sorts of people. price 3 d. but 20 s. a hundred to those that give them away. a sermon concerning the excellency and usefulness of the common-prayer. preached by william beveridge, d: d.(late lord bishop of st. asaph) at the opening of the parish-church of st. peter's cornhill, london, the 27th of november, 168 l. the twenty-fourth edition. price 3 d. but 20 s. hundred to those that give them away. a treatise of sacramental covenanting with christ: shewing the ungodly their contempt of christ, in their contempt of the sacramental covenant. and calling them(not to a profanation of this holy ordinance, but) to an understanding, serious, entire dedication of themselves to god in the sacramental covenant, and a believing commemoration of the death of christ. written by j. rawlet p. d. author of the christan monitor. the seventh edition. price 3 s. a water that perfectly cares the itch, or any itching humour in a few days, without necessity of purging, or the dangerous use of mercury, price 1 s. 6 d. is only prepared and sold by a. downing chymist, at the crown and ball in george court in st. john's lane by hick's hall near west smithfield, where also may be had, the best spirits of scurvey-grass, by wholesale or retale at 8d. a bottle. a most effectual remedy for the violent pain in the teeth, price 1 s. also a most excellent remedy for preserving the teeth and clearing them from the scurvy, price 2 s."	11799
"OBC2-17210113"	"THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING'S Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Dallvery, FOR THE CITY of LONDON, and COUNTY of MIDDLSEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL, in the OLD-BAILEY. During the MAYORALTY of the Rt. Honble Sir George Thorold, Knight, and Baronet, LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON. In the 6th Year of His MAJESTY'S Reign. 1720. LONDON Printed for E. Symon at the Corner of Pope's Head Alley, against the Royal Exchange, in Cornhill by M. Jonur, against St. Sepul ure's Back Gate in Gilt Spur Street, near Newgate. THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING'S Commission of the Peace, AND Oyer and Terminer, and Goal-Delivery of Newgate, held for the CITY of London, and COUNTY of Middlesex, at Justice-Hall in the Old Bayly, ON Friday, Saturday and Monday, being the 13th, 14th, and 16th of this Instant January, 1720, In the Seventh Year of His MAJESTY'S Reign. BEFORE the Right Honourable Sir JOHN FRYER, Bar. Lord Mayor of the City of London; the Right Honourable the Lord Chief Baron Bury, Mr. Justice Powys, Mr. Justice Tracy, John Raby, Esq; Deputy Recorder; and several of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, and Country of Middlesex. The Jurors Names were as followeth: London Jury. John Appleby, Daniel Woodrose, Henry Clifton, Joseph Partington, Nicholas Faulcon, John Glover, John Shanks, Joshua Walfree, William Stevens, John Short, Edward Leapidge, John Marsh. Middlesex Jury. Edward Boswell, Joseph Spencer, John Parsons, Henry Vaughan, John Ford, Francis Goodge, Joseph Wotton, Henry Newton, Thomas Richmond, Henry Goddard, Percival Ludgate, Thomas Philips. The Proceedings were as followeth: John Wood, of St. Botolph without Aldersgate, was indicted for privately stealing 2 Silk Handkerchiefs, value 3 s. from the Person of John Prior, on the 23d of December last. The Prosecutor deposed, that as he was going up Aldersgate-Street, between 11 and 12 a Clock the Night aforesaid, he saw the Prisoner draw his Handkerchiefs out of his Pocket, whereupon he laid him on with his Cane, cry'd out a Pickpocket, and the Prisoner was taken with the Handkerchiefs upon him. William Burridge deposed, that he took the Prisoner, and found the Handkerchiefs upon him. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and said that he was going along, but was not near the Prosecutor, who crying out, he was stopt but calling no Evidence to prove it, not any to his Reputation, and the Evidence being very positive against him, the Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Terry and John Cornwall of St. Olave Hart-Street, were indicted for feloniously stealing 5 pound weight of Russia Yarn value 2 s. the Goods of William and Richard Baker, on the 10th of January last. They were also indicted a Second time for feloniously stealing 20 Ells of Russia Linnen value 10 s. the Goods of Edward Hobday. Henry Bradford deposed, that he was employed to House Merchants Goods; and that he employed the Prisoners as Porters to assist him; that being\ in\ formed that Terry had lockt up some Goods in a Cupboard in a House they used, he waited in the Room concealed till Terry came and took Mr. Hubday's piece of Linnen out of the Cupboard, and then secured him: that Cornwall was taken in the next Room, with the Scane of Yarn in his Breeches. Philip Fortune deposed, that he perceiving Cornwall's Apron to stick out, suspected him, and took the Scane of Yarn out of his Breeches. Terry in his Defence said, that he found the Cloth in the Yard, and carried it to the House to lay up, and going at Night to fetch it; he was stopt; but being told he should have enquir'd who it belong'd to, and not have concealed it; he said he never did an ill thing before, and called several to his Reputation. Cornwall said he knew nothing of it, but called none to his Reputation. The Jury considering the matter, found them Guilty of both Indictments to the value of 10 d. each. Transportation. Walter Herbert, of St. Peters Cheap, was indicted for breaking the Dwelling House of Thomas Smith on the 4th of December last in the Night time, and taking thence 1 Silver Porringer, 2 Silver Mugs, 2 Silver Salvers, 2 Silver Salts, 2 Silver Spoons, 3 Gilt Spoons, a Silver Marrow Spoon, 6 Silver Tea Spoons, Tongs and Strainer, a Silver Tobacco Box, a Silver Orange-Strainer, a pair of Silver Candlesticks and Snuffers, 3 Silver Casters, a Silver Cruit-Frame and 2 Cruit Tops, a Silver Bottle Crain, a Silver Stand, Pap-pan and Pap-spoon,&c. the Goods of the said Thomas Smith. The Prosecutor deposed, that he being with his Family in the Country, his Servant came to him and told him that his Parlour Door and Bouffet were broke open and his Plate gone, whereupon he came to Town, and met one who told him where some of his Place was, and he found some of his Spoons(which he produc'd in Court) accordingly; that the rest of his Plate was carried to Dover in Order to go to France, but being stopt there, the Prisoner came back to London, and gave the Prosecutor a Particular Account of the Box of Plate so stopt, in Writing; which being inspected there, proved to be the same he had lost: that the Prisoner had been his Servant formerly, and having then behaved himself very well; had Access to his House afterwards. The Prisoner owned the Fact. and being askt after what manner he committed it said, that he got into the House(the Door being open) about 4 a Clock in the Afternoon, and did himself under the Cellar Stairs till about 12 or 1 at Night, and then broke open the Parlour-Door, and Bouffet, and took the Goods. The Jury found him Guilty of the Indictment. Death. Elizabeth Wells, of St. Olave Silver-street, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Velvet Scarfe, a Silk Hood, a Suit of Headclothes, a pair of Stays, a Sattin Mantle,&c. in all to the value of 7 l. the Goods of Mary Brindley, in the Dwelling-House of Elizabeth Johnson, on the the 28th of November last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner came to her Lodgings the Day aforesaid just as she was going out, and askt her if she did not know one Mrs. Morris; that she answered, Yes; that the Prisoner said Mrs. Morris had recommended her(the Prosecutor) to her self(the Prisoner) for a Midwife; that she askt her to drink a Dish of Coffee, but the Prisoner not liking that Liquor, she sent for a pint of Drink for her; that after a little talk, the Prisoner went away, and she went out about her business; that presently after the Prisoner came back again, and called her(the Prosecutor's) Grand Daughter by her Name, saying, Betty open the Door, which she did; and the Prisoner went in and sent Betty to the Black Bull in Wood-street, to enquire for Mrs. Sarah the Bar-keeper, and while she was gone of the Errand robb'd her Lodgings of the Goods mentioned in the Indictment. That afterwards going out and taking her Grand-Daughter along with her, she(her Grand-Daughter) saw the Prisoner in the Street, ran to her, took her by the Arm and secured her till they got a Constable; that when she was in the Watch-house, she perceived the Prisoner to have the Suit of Headclothes on mentioned in the Indictment. The Prosecutor's Grand-Daughter confirmed the same, and farther deposed, that she was sure that the Prisoner was the same Person that came to their Lodgings, and sent her of the Errand. Mrs. Morris deposed that the Prisoner came to her House and ask'd for the Baker(this Evidence's Husband); and said that her Husband was Lighterman, and Church-Warden of the Parish, that he was her(this Evidence's) Husband's Countryman, and would take Bread of him; that after some Discourse the Prisoner askt her who was her Midwife, saying that she was with Child of her 14th Child, and her old Midwife was Dead; whereupon she told her, Mrs. Brindley(the Prosecutor) was her Midwife, and directed her where she liv'd. The Prisoner denied the Fact, but called none to her Reputation. The Jury considering the matter, found her Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Peter De Plosh, of St. Botolph Bishopsgate, was indicted for privately stealing a pair of Gloves, a Hat, an Iron Tobacco-Box and 3 s. 9 d. in Money, from the Person of William Howard, on the 16th of December last. The Prosecutor deposed, that as he lay asleep on a Butcher's Stall between 2 and 3 a Clock the Morning aforesaid, he lost his Money, Gloves, Hat and Tobacco-Box; and that they were going to take off his Booots, which waked him; that his Gloves and Tobacco-Box were found on the Prisoner.- Werrey deposed, that the Prisoner was a Common Disturber, was making a Noise in the Street, had threatned to set his Uncle's House on Fire, and he was sent for to secure him, who threatning him, he search'd him for fear he should have any Pistols in his Pocket, and found the Prosecutor's Box there. The Justice deposed that one Tyler confest before him that the Prisoner and himself pickt a Man's Pocket on a Butcher's Stall in Bishopsgate-Street, and that the Prisoner was brought before him for threatning to set his Uncle's House on Fire. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and said that he kickt the Box before him in the Street, and took it up. He called none to his Reputation, neither could be give any Account how he lived, the Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. John Edwards of St. Botolph without Bishopsgate, was indicted for privately stealing, a Holland Handkerchief value 2 s. from the Person of Peter Munsoe on the 9th of this Instant January. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost his Handkerchief out of his Pocket, which was found in the Prisoner's Breeches. Richard Greening deposed, that as he was going down Bishops-gate-Street he was told that the Prisoner had pickt the Prosecutor's Pocket of his Handkerchiefs, whereupon he secured him, and found 5 Handkerchiefs about him; that the Prosecutor owned the white one, and told the Marks of it before it was taken from the Prisoner. The Jury found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transporation. John Taylor, of St. Mildred in Breadstreet, was indicted for breaking open the Dwelling House of Henry Hide, on the 31st of December last in the Night time, and taking thence 3 Washing Tubs, 4 Bouls, a Peck-Measure, a Quarter of a Peck-Measure, 5 Funnels and 2 Wooden Platters. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Mary Browning, of St. James at Clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silver Mag value 30 s. and a Camblet Riding Hood value 5 s. the Goods of Thomas Science, on the 29th of December last. It appeared that the Prisoner had been the Prosecutor's Servant about a Week, took the Goods and going to sell the Mug was stopt, when she Confest it was her Master's, who being sent for by the Goldsmith, came and owned it. The Prisoner had nothing to say for her self. The Jury found her Guilty. Burnt in the Hand. Thomas Knight, of St. Margaret in Westminster, was indicted for privately stealing 29 Snuff Boxes, 16 Tooth-pick-Cases, 3 Womens Equipages, 2 pair of Pearl Tossels, 2 pair of Ear Rings, 30 Rings, 12 pair of Gold Buttons, 8 Tweezer-Cases, 9 pair of Gold Buckles, 8 Gold Chains, 17 Gold and Diamond Rings, 1 pair of Silver Spurs,&c. in all to the value of 666 l. 5 s. in the Shop of William Deard, on the 23d of December last. The Prosecutor deposed, that he being sent for, found his Shop broke open and his Goods gone; that he found the Prisoner in the Custody of a Constable; that he got a search Warrant, and found most of the other Goods in the Prisoner's Lodging, that the Prisoner confest the Fact before the Justice, and said that he broke open the Shop with an Augre, which he had left in the Shop, and which the Prosecutor produced in Court. T. Wix deposed, that the Prisner bought the Augre produced, of him. Jeremiah Lowen(the former Evidence's Servant) confirmed the same. Thomas Bird deposed, that he was sent for by the Goldsmith who stopt the Prisoner, to Search his Lodgings, where he found a Chest of Goods, which were produced in Court, and swore to by the Prosecutor. Mr. Mottier deposed, that the Prisoner came to sell a parcel of broken Gold Toys; but he having heard that the Prosecutor had been robb'd stopt the Prisoner, and sent for the Prosecutor, who owned them. Elizabeth Wilks deposed, that the Prisoner gave her a pair of Buttons which were owned by the Prosecutor. The Prisoner's Confession before the Justice was read in Court, wherein he owned that he broke open the Prosecutor's Shop in the Court of Requests, and took the Goods. The Prisoner in his Defence urged that it could not be privately stealing, because it was in the Night, but was told it was the more private for that; and that it was not a Shop but a Stall: He also called several to his Reputation, who gave him a very good Character. But the Fact being fully proved upon him, and confessed also by himself, the Jury found him Guilty. Death. Mary Cranstone, of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing 4 Yards of Cable value 15 d. the Goods of a Person unknown, on the 12th of December last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Mary Taylor, of St. Botolph without Aldgate, was indicted for the Murder of her Male Bastard Child, on the 6th of December last. Mrs. Pain deposed, that she was sent for to the Prisoner, who complained that she was very ill of the Cholick; that looking about they found the Child in the Close-stool; that there were no Marks of Violence upon it, and she believed that it was not at its full Growth. Rebecca Taylor deposed, that the Child was dead when she came; and that the Prisoner told her she thought she had two Months longer to go; that there were no Marks of Violence upon it, and that she believed it to be Stilborn.- Desbury deposed, that when she came in she found the Prisoner on the Ground as dying; helpt her up on the Bed, sent for a Midwife, found the Child, and ask'd the Prisoner if she had any thing to wrap it in, who said Yes, in her Trunk; that they went immediately to her Trunk, and there found Childbed Linnen, which was produced in Court. Ann Way confirmed the finding the Childbed Linnen in her Trunk. Robert Bayley deposed, that the Prisoner's Mother sent for him, and told him that her Daughter had a violent Pain of the Cholick, that he gave her a gentle Purge to ease her, and a little after heard that she was deliver'd of a Child. The Jury considering the whole matter Acquitted her. Rebecca Withers, of St. Mary in the Savoy, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Brass Pot and Cover, a Brass Sauce-Pan, a Copper Drinking Pot and 11 Yards of Camblet, the Goods of John Heath and James Bostock, on the 27th of December last. John Heath deposed, that the Prisoner was his Servant, but gone from him about 4 Months, that Mrs. Roberts came and told him that she had robb'd them, and carry'd the Goods to Mrs. Tripp's, where she lodged, whereupon he went thither, and found some of them, and the Prisoner confess'd all mentioned in the Indictment. Mrs. Roberts deposed, that she hired the Prisoner for a Servant, and losing some small things went to enquire after her Character, and hearing that she had carried some Goods to Tripp's, gave the Prosecutor notice. Susannah Tripp deposed, that the Prisoner brought the Goods to her House as her own, and ask'd her to sell the Brass Pot and Cover for her, which she did for a Shilling. The Prisoner denied the Fact, but called none to her Reputation. The Jury considering the matter found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Katharine Clarke, of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for privately stealing a Silver Watch value 40 s, a Silver Chain value 2 s. 6 d. and a Gold Ring value 17 s. from the Person of Alexander Ramsey, on the 6th of this Instant January. The Prosecutor deposed, that he having been drinking a Glass of Wine, as he was going Home met the Prisoner and another Woman, who ask'd him to give them a Pot of Drink; that he went with them to an Alehouse Door; but did not go into the House, call'd for a Pot of Drink paid for it, and went away; that they followed him, and the other Woman took him about the Neck, pull'd him backwards, and said she would kiss him; that he missing his Watch seized the Prisoner. who said the other Woman had it; that he was told, if he would not Prosecute the other, he should have his things again; which were indeed brought to him, but he knew not by what means. The Prisoner in her Defence said that the Prosecutor pickt up a Woman and carried her into a Brandy-Shop; that he threw her upon the Bed, and afterwards went with her into an empty Room, where they were together above an Hour: That he called her(the Prisoner) to fetch them a Pot of Drink and a Candle; that his Breeches were down, and the other Woman running away he seized upon her(the Prisoner.) The Prosecutor being ask'd, own'd his being at the Brandy-Shop with them, and that he paid a Shilling for two quarterns of Brandy; and that the Prisoner was searcht and nothing found upon her. The Jury considering the matter, Acquitted her. Humphrey Angier, Elizabeth his Wife and William Duce, of St. Martin in the Fields, were indicted for Assaulting Rose Turner, putting her in Fear and taking from her a Gold Ring value 10 s. and 4 l. 4 s. in Money. But it appearing to be a malicious Prosecution; the Jury Acquitted them. James Gibbs, of St. James in Westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a pair of Flaxen Sheets, and a Diaper Tablecloth, the Goods of Peter Mackdonnel, on the 30th of November last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. William Bridgeman, of St. Ann in Westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Callicoe Gown value 10 s. and a Linnen Apron value 2 s. the Goods of Margaret Litchfield; and 3 Suits of Headclothes value 6s. the Goods of William Tustin, on the 8th of December last. Margaret Litchfield deposed, that she lost her Gown and Apron, which were hung up in her Entry to dry. Sarah Tustin deposed, that she lost 3 Suits of Headclothes out of her Room. Mary Bostock deposed, that she seeing the Prisoner hold a wet Gown up against the Lamp to look upon it, and afterwards cram it into his Breeches, acquainted a Chairman(that was just by) of the matter, who went to him, secured him and had him before a Justice; that they found the Headclothes, Gown and Apron in his Breeches, which were produced in Court and swore to be the Prosecutors. The Chairman confirmed the former Evidence. The Prisoner in his Defence said that he found them, and having no where else to put them, thrust them into his Breeches, and intended to have them cry'd the next Morning. But the Jury not believing him, found him Guilty. Transportation. William Ingledeau, of St. Andrew in Holbourn, was indicted for Assaulting Ann Wall on the High Way on the 26th of December last, putting her in Fear, and taking from her a Turkey Handkerchief trimm'd with Gold value 20s. the Goods of Nicholas Wall. Ann Wall deposed, that she met the Prisoner and two more in Holbourn; that the Prisoner snatcht her Handkerchief off her Neck, and threw it to the others; whereupon she cry'd out, and the Boy that was with her seized the Prisoner immediately, and the other two ran away. Daniel Stiles deposed, that as he was going home with the Prosecutor, he saw the Prisoner take her Handkerchief, whereupon he seized him and pull'd him from her. Daniel Mitchel deposed, that the Prisoner, when brought to him, said he had been in Druy-Lane, that he knew not the other two, and offer'd to make Satisfaction; that he said he should be try'd for his Life, but hop'd to come off with Transportation, which he did not much value, for he had been abroad already. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and called two to his Reputation, who deposed that they knew him from his Birth, that he was a Barber and Perriwig Maker, had been at the Indies, and came home about 3 Months ago, and had behaved himself honestly. The Jury considering the matter, and that the Handkerchief was snatcht off the Prosecutor's Neck without any Violence done to her Person, or putting her in Bodily Fear, the Jury found him Guilty of the Felony only. Transportation. James Melton, of the Parish of Pancras in Middlesex, was indicted for the Murder of Thomas Lewis, by giving him one Mortal Wound in the Left Pap with a drawn Sword, of the breadth of half an Inch and the depth of 6 Inches, of which he instantly died. He was indicted a second time for Manslaughter on the Coroner's Inquest for the same. James West deposed, that he being in Lambs-Conduit-Fields, some Boys told him that the Prisoner and the Deceased were going to fight, whereupon he followed them to a place near the new Burying Ground, and saw them strip, take up their Swords, and push at one another; that the Deceased wounded the Prisoner in his Right Side, which bled very much; that they shook Hands, the Deceased went away, and the Prisoner followed him; that the Deceased turn'd about, and the Prisoner stood ready to receive him; that they fought again, and the Prisoner wounded the Deceased in the Left Breast, who died immediately. John Frazer deposed, that they were drinking together at the King's Arms in Drury Lane, being about 14 in Company(Drummers in 2 several Regiments of the Guards) and that some Words arose about dividing the Money that had been given them for Beating; that the Deceased had the Money in his Hand and said, Here's the Money, who will take it from me? that after other Words the Deceased said, there's no time like the present, I'll never part with it till I see it out. That they went out, and he wondering that they staid, went after them, and met the Prisoner very Bloody; who told him that what he had done he did in his own Defence: that he seized him and broke his Sword. That the Prisoner and the Deceased had no Quarrel before, but were very good Friends. The Prisoner said that what he did was in his own Defence, and that he would have dropt the Deceased, but he came to him and said if he would go into the Fields he(the Deceased) would give him a Pot, and his Share of the Money; that when they came to the Place where they fought, the Deceased said, be had fought several Men in that Place, and would there fight him. That the Deceased wounded him in his Right Pap, which he at first thought was Mortal; that he did not know that he followed the Deceased afterwards, till he turn'd and said, I thought I had done your Business already; when he(the Prisoner) gave back, and the Deceased ran on his Sword. The Jury considering the whole matter, found him Guilty of Manslaughter only. Burnt in the Hand. Sarah Gibson, of St. Clements Danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Brass Candlesticks and a Saveall, the Goods of Peter Warburton, Esq; on the 7th of this Instant January. Thomas Wharton deposed, that he was with his Master in his Chamber in Lincolns Inn, and hearing a Noise as of the fall of Brass, went to see what it was, and, met the Prisoner, who askt him if he wanted any Writing Sand; that when she was gone he mist the Candlesticks, and went after her, and found them and the Saveall upon her in another Stair-Case. The Prisoner said she never did so before, and called two to her Reputation. The Jury considering the matter, found her Guilty to the value of 10 d Transportation. Thomas Butler of St. Andrew in Holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Gold Watch, a Silk Night-Gown, and 6 Holland Shirts, in all to the value of 26 l. the Goods of Sir Justinian Isham, Bart. a Silver Watch. a Sword and 8 Guineas, the Goods and Money of John Whitacre; and 14 l. 8s. 6d. the Money of Edward Freeman, on the 12th of January, 1719. John Whitacre deposed, that as he was travelling with Sir Justinian Isham, they were Assaulted by 3 Men near Dunstable in Hertfordshire, that one of them took Sir Justinian out of his Chariot, and another(he believed the Prisoner) took him out; that he gave him what Money he had, but the Prisoner askt for his Watch, which he had hid under the Seat in the Chariot, and which the Prisoner afterwards found; that they took Sir Justinian's Pocket-Book and Key; took the Trunk and were going to break it open, but that he(this Evidence) gave them the Key; that they took out of the Trunk a Gold Watch, a Night-Gown, 6 Shirts, a Silver Hilted Sword and 14 l. in Money. That the Prisoner owned when taken that he had Sir Justinian's Gold Watch and Night-Gown, and this Evidence's Watch and a Ring for his Share; and that he wore the Night-Gown, which was found in his Lodging and produced in Court, and swore to be the same that was taken out of the Trunk aforesaid. The Woman of the House where he lodged, near Red-Lion-Square in Middlesex; deposed that he went by the Name of Esq; Becket; wore Black Velver, Lace Ruffles, and every thing else answerable. John Osgood deposed, that about Half a Year after the Robbery, he received a Letter from the Prosecutor to enquire after the Prisoner; who owned, that himself, one Smith, who was executed at Maidstone, and Jack- in Ireland, who went for his Footman, committed the Fact, and owned to him(this Evidence) all the Particulars, saying it signified nothing, to conceal any any thing, for he was to be an Evidence. The Jury found him Guilty. Death. Thomas Butcher, of St. Giles without Cripplegate, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Boxes value 3 s. 20 printed Books value 20 s. and a Brass Candlestick value 1 s. the Goods of Henry Phelps, on the 8th of this Instant January. Jonathan Betterton deposed, that being call'd to go to the Fire, which broke out about 7 a Clock that Night in Red-Cross-street, going through the Bowling-Alley into White-Cross-street, to call another Watchman, he heard two Men parlying in the dark, and one of them said to the other D- n you, why don't you go off now we have got our Booty? whereupon he went back to the end of the Alley, and took the Prisner as he came out with one of the Boxes, and the other Person threw down that he had got, and ran away. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Fire broke out the back-side of his House; that the Goods taken on the Prisoner(which were produc'd in Court) were his; and that he lost them at that time. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he met a Man in White-Cross-street with 2 Boxes, who offer'd him 6 d. to carry one of them; and being ask'd, said he did not know where he was to carry them, nor the Man who employed him, and bid him follow him. He having no Evidence to prove it, nor any to his Reputation, the Jury found him Guilty. Transportation. John Heatley of the Precinct of St. Katharines, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 pair of Silver Buckles value 10 s. the Goods of Samuel Lloyd, on the 25th of November last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner about 3 or 4 a Clock the Morning aforesaid, came into his Master's Barge. even into the Cabbin, without any Ceremony, and being wet, his Master ordered him(this Evidence) to rise and make a Fire to dry him; that when he had dried himself he went away, and he(the Prosecutor) mist his Buckels out of his Shoes, which when the Prisoner came into the Barge, stood by the Fire-Place, but were removed; that there was no Body else in the Cabbin; that some time after(having notice of him) they took him at a Musick House, and he confest the Fact. William Lewis(the Prosecutor's Master) confirmed the same. Another Evidence deposed, that when the Prisoner was taken they brought him to his House, where he owned to him that he took the Buckles, and said that he was sorry for it. The Prisoner denied the Fact upon his Tryal, and in his Defence said, that, he fell into the Mud, and went into the Thames to wash himself and Clothes, then into the Barge to dry them: That when they took him they told him he must go to Newgate if he did not make Satisfaction, and gave him a Week's time to raise Money to do it, which he not performing, they brought this Prosecution against him. But could not prove his Defence, nor bring any to his Reputation. The Jury considering the Matter, found him Guilty to the value of 10 d. Transportation. Ann Wood, of St. Ann in Westminster, was indicted for privately stealing 2 Silk Handkerchiefs value 6 s. in the Shop of William Wakeham, on the 2 d. of this Instant January. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Elizabeth Hunt, of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Pewter Quart Pot value 20 d. the Goods of Griffith Edwards, on the 20th of December last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Constable sent him word that searching for stolen Goods, he had found his Pot in the Prisoner's Cellar. The Pot was produced in Court, had the Prosecutor's Name,&c. writ round it, and was swore to by him; and that he lost it 2 or 3 Days before he had notice of it. The Constable confirmed the former Evidence, and farther deposed, that he found several other Pots belonging to divers People, some batter'd and others with the Names of the Owners filed out, which he also produced in Court. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that she lent Money on the Prosecutor's Pot to a Woman who promised to redeem it the next Day; and called some Persons to her Reputation. The Jury considering the Matter, found her Guilty to the value of 10 d. To be Whipt. Mary Shepherd, of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 3 Gold Rings, value 35 s. a Silver Buckle value 1 s. and a Girdle value 2 s. the Goods of Simon Newman, on the 19th of December last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner was his Servant, and took the Goods out of his Drawer, and went away with them. Henry Mallard deposed, that he went to seek after the Prisoner, and found her in Kent-Street, drunk: that she pull'd one of the Rings off her Finger, and told where she had sold the other two; which they found accordingly: that they brought her away with them, but when she came to St. Paul's Church-Yard she would go no further without a Coach. The Jury found her Guilty. Transportation. Hester Watts, of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 pair of Leather Breeches value 2 s. the Goods of Richard Colecroft, on the 4th of this Instant January. It appeared that the Prisoner took the Breeches out of the Prosecutors Shop, but being seen and spoke to, carried them back and hung them up again. She was a very Antient poor Object, and the Prosecutor declaring that he was willing to forgive her if the Court would, the Jury Acquitted her. Elizabeth Stiles, of St. James at Clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing 3 Guineas, a Half Guinea, a Quarter Guinea, and 7 s. 6 d. in Money; the Money of Mary Roebottom, on the 11th of November last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner and 3 Women more came to her House towards the Evening to borrow 40 s. and took between 12 and 15 l. which was in a Bag in her Drawer, her Key being in the Drawer; that she saw her Money there the Minute before she mist it, having gone to her Bag to change a Half Crown for them; that she pursued and took the Prisoner with a Guinea, a Half Crown and a Six-Pence. Mr. Ely deposed, that the Prisoner confest the Fact; and owned that the Guinea, Half Crown and Six-Pence were the Prosecutor's, and that Betty Jones gave them to her, for her Share. The Constable confirm'd the last Evidence: And it appearing that the other 3 were indicted the last Sessions for the same Fact, when the Prisoner was to have given Evidence against them; but instead thereof clear'd them, the Jury found her Guilty. Transportation. William Robbins, of St. James in Westminster, was indicted for committing a Rape on the Body of Mary Tabor,(a Girl of about 7 Years of Age) on the 24th of December last. Mary Tabor(the Mother of the Girl) deposed, that her Husband took the Child out with him on Christmas-Eve; that when she came home seem'd to be uneasy. wriggling her Body, and being askt where she had been, she said at her Taylor's sitting on his Shop-board; that on the Monday she complained that she could not make Water, and that she smarted sadly; that on Tuesday she complained wose, and being examin'd, told her, that the Prisoner put his Finger into the Place where she made Water, and also put the thing with which be made Water, into the Place where she made Water. Elizabeth Smith deposed, that she being sent for, found the Child's Private Parts swell'd and rent downwards; that there had been Force, but she knew not who did it. Joseph de Layer deposed, that he was sent for to the Girl, and found her privy Parts very sore and bruised; that she had a Running which continued then; that there was a Penetration, and that she had been forced by a Man. John West and Peter du Hamel(two other Surgeons) confirmed the former Surgeon's Evidence, and deposed that they were of the same Opinion with him. John Tabor deposed, that the Prisoner owned to him that the Girl was with him on Christmas-Eve; but denied that he did any thing to her. Another Evidence deposed that the Prisoner's Stall is next the Street, that one Man may work in it and no more; that there's a Flap to shut up; and that the Child was well before that Saturday. Another Woman deposed that she washt the Child's Linnen, and never saw any Marks of Hurt before. The Prisoner denied that the Child was with him that Day; or that he ever offer'd any thing like it to her, and call'd the following Evidence: John Brown deposed, that he viewed the Child with two other Surgeons, that there was not a Penetration large enough for a Man to make; that he try'd with a Probe, which would not go up; that she had a Running, and that he had known the like Hurt occasion'd by a Child's Riding on a Horse. Another Surgeon that was with the Child at the same time as the former, deposed that there was no Penetration large enough for a Man, that she was not lacerated, and that the Probe would not enter. Mary Tomlins deposed, that the Prisoner's Shop is next the Street, and as Publick as the High Way, and some body or other always at it; that the Prisoner was hard at work that Day for a Tenant of hers to finish his Coat against Christmas-Day, and work till 12 a Clock at Night; that she lives over against his Shop. But being ask'd, said, that she did not know that he was at work for her Tenant till after; and that there is a Window to shut up when the Prisoner goes out. He also called 5 or 6 to his Reputation, who gave him the Character of a honest civil Man, but one said that he would run after the Girls a little. The Jury considering the whole matter Acquitted him. Andrew Carewehus was indicted for a Perjury in making a false Affidavit in the Court of King's Bench to put off a Tryal there. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Elizabeth Smith, alias Richardson, of St. John at Hackney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Gold Ring value 20 s. the Goods of Jeremiah Woodley, on the 16th of December last. It appeared that the Prisner was the Prosecutor's Servant, and that her Mistress sent her to London with a Horse to sell some Goods; that she staid out with the Horse all Night and spent the Money; that her Mistress missing the Ring came to Town the next Day and found her, charg'd her with the Fact, and had her before a Justice, where she confess'd it. Her Confession was read in Court, and the Jury found her Guilty. Transportation. Susannah Mountjoy, of St. Dunstan at Stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Callimancoe Petticoat value 16 s. the Goods of John Eggleston, and a Camblet Riding Hood, the Goods of Elizabeth Smith, on the 10th of December last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. Mary Rawford, of St. James in Westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 Pewter Dish, 7 Pewter Plates, 2 Pewter Spoons and a Copper Saucepan, the Goods of John Cullis, on the 10th of this Instant January. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner came with her Mother to his House, and while her Mother went up Stairs, the Prisoner took the Goods out of the Yard, which were afterwards found upon her tuckt up in her Petticoats. The Prosecutor's Servant confirm'd the finding the Goods on the Prisoner as before related. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that she did not intend to steal the Goods, but only to make the Maid(who was a malicious Person) Hunt for them. But that Excuse not availing, the Jury found her Guilty. Transportation. Richard Branch of Stanwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Black Gelding value 8l. the Goods of Henry Hosey, on the 11th of July last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted him. Daniel Collins, of St. Paul at Shadwell, was indicted for committing a Rape on the Body of Mary the Wife of Henry Powell, on the 14th of November last. But no Evidence coming against him, and it appearing to be a Contrivance to extort Money from him, the Jury Acquitted him, and the Court granted him a Copy of his Indictment. Edward Arnold, of St. Clements Danes, was indicted for Assaulting William Saunders on the 10th October last, putting him in Fear, and taking from him a Silver Headed Cane value 20s. and 3s. 6 d. in Money, the Goods and Money of the said William Saunders. It appeared that the Prisoner went with other Constable s to the 5 Bells in Essex-street to take up Saunders with a Scape Warrant; that meeting with Resistance the Cane was mist for the present, and Saunders rescued. It appearing not to be a Robbery but a Lawful Action, the Jury Acquitted the Prisoner, and the Court granted him a Copy of his Indictment. Ann Lee, alias Carter, of St. Paul at Shadwell was indicted for feloniously Stealing a Stuff Petticoat value 2 s. the Goods of Ann Travers, on the 20th of May last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. William Wright of Isleworth, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Leaden Cistern value 30s. the Goods of John Gumley, Esq; on the 28th of November last. John Davis deposed, that William Corner ask'd him one Morning if he would go along with him and the Prisoner Wright to fetch a Cistern belonging to the Prisoner; and afterward the Prisoner askt him himself; that he went with them about 9 or 10 at Night, that they went in the back way, moved it into a piece of Garden-Ground, cut it into 4 pieces and threw it into some Water to hide it; and that this Evidence discovered where it was when he was taken up. Another Evidence deposed that the Prisosoner's Mother kept the Prosecutor's House; that he found the waste Pipe of the Cistern in the Prisoner's House; that the Prisoner then deny'd the taking of it, and said he found the Pipe on the Road; and that Davis told him(this Evidence) where it was, and he found it accordingly. Another Evidence deposed that the Prisoner told him he thought he had as much Right to it as Mr. Gumley. The Prisoner in his Defence said that he had it from the House where his Uncle left it, and that it was his Uncle's House. John Davis being called again, deposed, that the House and Cistern did belong to the Prisoner's Uncle Mr. Crosby, who sold it to Mr. Gumly. The Jury found him Guily. Transportation. William Flewelling, of St. Clements Danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Coach-seats value 20 s. the Goods of Sir Andrew Chadwick, on the 12th of this Instant January. Richard Acreman deposed, that he going up Bow-street with George Bowers, heard an Oyster-Woman cry out Stop Thief, and saw the Prisoner run with two Coach-seats; that he dropt one of them in the Kennel and they took him with the other upon him. George Bowers confirmed the former Evidence. The Prosecutor deposed, that his Chariot waited for him in Essex-street, and his Servant came to him and told him the Seats were stollen out of it. The Coachman and Footman deposed, that they had seen the Seats that were dropt by, and taken upon the Prisoner, and that they were their Master's. The Prisoner in his Defence said that he found them in Drury-Lane; but could not prove it, nor call any to his Reputation; and the Jury not taking his Word for it, found him Guilty. Transportation. He was a second time indicted for Assaulting John Davis, a little Boy, on the 13th of this Instant January, putting him in Fear, and taking from him a Cloth Coat value 8 s. But the Evidence not being sufficient to fix it upon him, the Jury Acquitted him. Mary Freeman, of St. Margarets Westminster was indicted for feloniously stealing a Holland Shirt value 7s. the Goods of Ann Hind, on the 24th of November last, But no Evidence appearing against the Prisoner the Jury Acquitted her: And the Court order'd the Recognizance of 20 l. Penalty which the Prosecutor was bound in, to be restreated into the Exchequer. Michael Hall, of St. Margaret in Westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 Guineas, the Money of Katharine Simpson, in the Dwelling House of a Person unknown, on the 8th of this instant January. The Prosecutor deposed, that she is a Servant at the Grey Coat School in Westminster; and that the Prisoner was brought up there, and put out Apprentice; that he came to see her the Day aforesaid(which was Examination Day, and a great many People there) and she perceiving him to be ill, took him into her Room and set him down by the Fire, and while she went out about her business, he took an Opportunity to take the Guineas out of her Chest, which was unlockt in the Room where she left him. The Prisoner had nothing to say for himself and the Jury considering his Youth, found him Guilty to the value of 39 s. Transportation. Mary Hollingsby, of St. Marry Le Bone, was indicted for feloniously stealing 8 Guineas on the 5th of this Instant January, in the Dwelling House of Thomas Grant. But no Evidence appearing against her, the Jury Acquitted her. And the Court ordered the Prosecutor's Recognizance of 40l. Penalty, which he was bound into prosecute her, to be restreated into the Exchequer. Sarah Mills, of St. Botolph at Billingsgate, was indicted for feloniously stealing a Silk Handkerchief value 2 s. and 84 pieces of Gold called Moidores, the Goods of Anthony de Basto Corea, in the Dwelling-House of Mary Hill, on the 7th of January last. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her. William Spigget alias Spiggot, and Thomas Phillips alias Cross, having had several Bills of Indictment for Robbing on the High Way, found against them by the Grand Jury, were brought to the Bar to be Arraigned and take their Trials, but they stood Mute, and refused to Plead till they should have the Money, Horses, Accoutrements, and other things which were taken from them when they were Apprehended returned to them; But the Court told them that could not be granted, and for their Satisfaction order'd a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for Encouraging the Apprehending of Highway Men, to be read unto them, which is as follows: ` And it is hereby further Enacted, That all and ` every Person or Persons who shall so Take, Apprehend, Prosecute, or Committ such Robber or Robbers, as aforesaid, as a further Reward shall have and enjoy to his and their proper use and behoof the Horse, Furniture and Arms, Money, or other Goods of the said Robber or Robbers that shall be taken with him or them; Any their Majesties Right or Title, Bodies Politick of Corporate, or the Right or Title thereunto of the Lord of any Manor, Liberty or Franchise, or of him or them Lending or Letting the same to Hire to any such Robber or Robbers in any wise\ not\ withstanding. Provided always, that this Clause, or any thing therein contained shall not be Construed to Extend to take away the Right of any Person or Persons to such Horses, Furniture and Arms, Money or other Goods from whom the same were before feloniously taken. But they still refusing to plead, the Court acquainted them with the Ill Consequences of their Refusal, and what a heavy Judgement they would draw down upon themselves if they persisted in their Obstinacy; and the more effectually to convince them of their Folly and Error, ordered the Judgement to be read to them, which if they continued Mute must be Pronounced against them, and put in Execution, which Judgment was to the Effect following, That the Prisoner shall be sent to the Prison from whence he came, and put into a mean House, Stopped from Light, and there shall be laid upon the bare Ground without any Litter, Straw or other Covering, and without any Garment about him, saving something to cover his Privy Members and that he shall lie upon his Back, and his Head shall be covered, and his Feet bare, and that one of his ` Arms shall be drawn with a Cord to one side of the House, and the other Arm to the other side, and that his Legs shall be used in the same manner, and that upon his Body shall be laid so much Iron and Stone as he can bear, and more, and that the first Day after he shall have three Morsels of Barley Bread, without any Drink, and the second Day he shall drink so much as he can three times of the Wa`ter which is next the Prison Door, saving running Water, without any Bread: and this shall be his Diet until be die. And he against whom this Judgment shall be given, forfeits to the King his Goods. All this having no Effect upon them, the Executioner was called and ordered to tye their Thumbs, as usual in such Cases; but all being in vain, and they still peremptorily refusing, and declaring that they would not Plead\ not\ withstanding all the Admonition that could be given them; the Court proceeded to pass Sentence against them to be prest to Death, as the Law directs. Whereupon they were carried back to Newgate in order to undergo that Judgment the Law had inflicted on them; but when they came to the Press, Thomas Phillips alias Cross desired to be carried again to the Bar, saying he would Plead; and Spiggot continuing still Resolute, was put into the Press according to his Sentence, where after he had been some time, he also desired that he might be carried to the Bar again, to Plead which being Granted, they were indicted by the Names of William Spigget alias Spiggot and Thomas Philips alias Cross, for Assaulting John Watkins on the High Way, on the 12th of November last, putting him in Fearand taking from him a Silver Watch, a Holland Gown, a pair of Stays, a Scarlet Riding-Hood lined with Silk, with divers other Goods, and 5 l. in Money, in all to the value of 200l. They were again indicted with William Heater; Spiggot and Phillips for Assaulting John Turner on the High Way, on the 1st of November last, putting him in Fear, and taking from him 5 Guineas, the Money of the said John Turner, and 1 Box, a Gold Watch, 12 Holland Shirts, 2 pair of Lace Ruffles, 2 Cambrick Bosoms. 2 Lawn, Turnovers, 2 Muslin Turnovers, 2 pair of Stockings, a Hat, a Perriwig,&c. and 12 Guineas, the Goods and Money of Neal Sheldon, Esq; and Hater as Accessory in Harbouring them, and receiving the said Goods knowing them to be stole. John Watkins deposed, that as he was going to Monmouth with his Pack-Horses, between Brentford and Smallberry-Green, he observed Phillips to follow and watch him; that when he came to Bishops-Grove on Hounslow-Heath, Spiggot, Phillips and another rode up to him; that Spiggot clapt a Pistol to his Breast, bid him stand, took his Watch and 5 l. from him and said if he wou'd not tell him what Horse the Money was on they would kill them all. Phillips stopt the Ostler who was with him and took one of his Pack-Horses with the Goods, and the other Person secur'd his Man; that he lost above 200 l. in all. That he was sure Spiggot and Phillips were two of the three who robb'd him; that he knew Spiggot a great many Years ago, and had seen him in Monmouth Goal. John Turner deposed. that he was robb'd on the 1st of November about 2 in the Morning, by 5 Men, 4 of them on Horseback, the other on Foot, near Tyburn; that they took Mr. Sheldon's Box out of his Waggon and carried it away, and he following of them they knockt him down; that they went into his Waggon again, but took nothing else out of it; that they took a Mare from him; and that they were masqued and disguised. Neal Sheldon deposed, that about the 29th of October he was coming out of Buckinghamshire, and thinking his Portmantua too heavy for his Man, he sent it up John Turner the Wendover Carrier, and that the Perriwig he had then in his Hand was his Perriwig and part of the Goods that were in the Box(or Portmanteau)which he deliver'd to Turner. Mr. Bryan deposed, that he went with Mr. Merrit to Search Spiggot's Lodgings, and there found the Wig which was produced in Court. Mr. Merrit Confirmed the same; and farther deposed, that they found several other things, some taken out of the Portsmouth Waggon, and others taken from Persons under Tybourn. Edward Plummer deposed that the Wig produced was Mr. Sheldon's Wig, that he knew it well, having altered it for him. John Merrit deposed that Mr. Watkins came to him and told him that he was ruin'd; that 3 Highway Men had robb'd him on Hounslow-Heath, and took his Money, Watch, Goods, and a Pack-Horse from him: that he(this Evidence) enquiring after the Prisoners, sound where they had hired Horses, and desired the Person to stop them if they came to Hire any more, and he would reward them; that he dogg'd Heater with the Horses from Finsbury, to the George in Long-Acre, and thence to the Broadway in Westminster; that he(with the others that took them) planted themselves in a House over against the Inn where their Horses were in Westminster; but after some Consultstion they believing Mr. Rowlet the Inn-Keeper to be an honest Man, went to his House and acquainted him with their Business, who told them they should be welcome to set up there, and he would assist them; that Heater was the Porter who brought the Horses and put Sacks under the Saddles; that the next Morning about 10 a Clock, they came and went into the Stable, where Mr. Rowlet was before by Appointment, and they followed and took them: that Spiggot had the Landlord Rowlet down, but he(this Evidence) went to his Assistance. John Rowlet confirmed Heater's bringing the Horses to his Inn, and the taking of the Prisoners in his Stable, and farther deposed, that as Mr. Bryan came into the Stable Phillips flash'd a Pistol at him, and he(this Evidence) followed Spiggot, threw up his Heels and Scuffled with him about half an Hour; that Spiggot shot him through the Left Shoulder, but at last offer'd him his Sword, saying he had done, and others came in and took him off. Mr. Hill(the Constable) deposed that Mr. Merrit came to him with the Recorder's Warrant, that he went with him to Mr. Burton's then over to Mr. Rowlet's; that about 8 in the Morning Lindsey came in, and some were for securing him, but others said, no, that would prevent their taking the others, so they agreed to stay till they could meet with them together; that about 10 all three of them came in together and went into the Stable, and they followed and took them; that Phillips snapt a Musquetoon loaded with 3 Bullets at him(this Evidence) but it flash'd in the Pan only. Mr. Bryan deposed that he went with Mr. Merri to Finsbury, and dogg'd Heater with the Horses to Westminster; confirm'd the Prisoners coming to the Inn and being taken in the Stable; that Spiggot flash'd a Pistol at him(this Evidence) and he(this Evidence) was knock'd down; that he seeing Mr. Rowles wounded and upon Spiggot, whose Sword was half drawn, he took it up with a design to stick Spiggot, but instead of doing so, ran it into a Butchers Leg: And that Spiggot swore he would kill a Thousand before he would be taken. Murrel(the Boy who dogg'd Heater and the Horses from Finsbury to Long-Acre with two Horses, where he took another and carryed them to Westminster) confirmed the former Evidences. Joseph Lindsey deposed, that Spiggot, Pbillips, Coltis and Tyson broke open the Box; and that Heater used to hire Horses and carry them backward and forward for them. but not for this Robbery: that he(Heater) received some Buttons and Mohair which he knew to be stole, but was not mentioned in this Indictment. Richard Burton deposed that Spiggot bought a Horse of him, that then Heater was with him and said he was his Servant; but when he took him he denied that he belong'd to them. Patrick Deveny confirmed Burton's Evidence. John Pritchard deposed that Mr. Merrit came to him with the Recorder's Warrant to execute on the Prisoners; that they took a Blunderbuss out of Phillip's Hand, who flasht a Pistol at them, but it did not go off; that Spiggot fired 2 Pistols and Wounded Mr. Rowlet. James Leaton deposed, that Spiggot, Phillips and Lindsey came to take Horse in Westminster, that Heater came with them; that Phillips flasht a Pistol, but Lindsey surrender'd himself to this Evidence. Autbony Merrit deposed that Heater has had Phillips's Horse to look after several times, and used to fetch Sacks and put them under the Saddles, and have the Goods sold from his House. The Prisoners Spiggot and Phillips, both declared that Heater was innocent of the Matter, and only acted as a Porter in fetching and carrying their Horses. The Evidence not being sufficient against Heater, the Jury Acquitted him, and found Spiggot, and Phillips alias Cross Guilty of these Indictments, who had also several other Indictments found against them. Death. William Spigget alias Spiggot was again Indicted with William Bourroughs of Finchley, for Assaulting Charles Sybbald on the High Way on the 25th of August last; putting him in fear. and taking from him 15 Guineas and 10 Shillings in Money. Joseph Lindsey deposed that the Prisoners and himself met the Prosecutor and his Man on Finchley Common about Bartholemewtide last, and Robb'd him of a Purse of Guineas; that he knew but of 6 Guineas and a half, that Spiggot took the Purse, and they were all concerned in the Fact. That the Prosecutor and his Man rode one on a White Horse and the other on a Grey. Mr. Sybbold deposed that he was assaulted on Finchley Common on the 25th of August last by Three Men on Horseback; that one of them presented a Pistol to him on his Right another of them did the same on his Left, and the third secur'd his Man. That Lindsey took the Bridle of his Horse and turned him loose, that Burroughs had a long Wig with the ends of it in his Mouth, and Spiggot's Cape was button'd up about his Chin; that they rifled him, one began at his Head another at his Middle, and searched downwards; that he lost 15 Guineas, some Silver and some Writings. That they were tall Men like the Prisoners, but could not Swear to any but Lindsay, who he had a plainer view of and remember'd his Voice, that his Man and himself were on a Grey and a White Horse. The Prisoners said they knew nothing of it. And Burroughs's Brother deposed that Mrs. Lindsey came and told him that his Brother went into the Country with her Husband, and was come to Town Raving Mad; that he took him home to his Mothers for a Fortnight, and was forced to have Men to sit up with him; and that he got him into Bethlehem, where he had been ever since my Lord Mayor's Day. The Jury considering the whole matter, found them both Guilty. Death. Ann Tompkins, alias Webb, of St. Sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing 14 lb of Cocoa-Nuts, 20 Gallons of Ale and 40 s. in Money, in the Dwelling House of Mary Benning on the 20th of October last. She was a second time indicted for feloniously stealing 5 Guineas, 80 Pound of Cocoa-Nuts, 10 Pound of Chocolate, some Coffee and 12 Flasks of Florence Wine. But the Evidence not being sufficient, the Jury Acquitted her of both Indictments. William Bond, of St. Sepulchres, London, was indicted on the New Act of Parliament for the more effectual Transporting of Felons,&c. for that he having been formerly convicted of Felony, and Transported among other Convicts from Newgate for the same, had returned into the Kingdom of Great. Brittain, without any lawful Cause: which being fully proved upon him, the Jury found him Guilty. Death. Joseph Johnson was Indicted for a Misdemeanour in Assaulting Robert Sandford, and striking him over the Right Wrist with a Handspike, which lamed him for a Week or a Fortnight. The Prosecutor deposed that he rents some Ground and Warehouses of the City by Fleet-Ditch, and that the Defendant Johnson erected a Post or Crain on his Ground to hoist Timber out of the said Ditch: that he sent his Man to tell him he must not do it; but he would do it, that afterwards he went with his Man to cut it down, and the Defendant Johnson took a Handspike and push'd at his Face with it, but he the Prosecutor put it by with his Hand, and in so doing push'd the Defendant on the Breast; whereupon the Defendant lifted up the Handspike again, and struck him over the Wrist, and and he was afraid would lose the use of his Right Hand by it. The Prosecutors Man confirmed the same. There were 5 Evidences call'd for the Defendant, who deposed that they did not see Mr. Johnson strike Mr. Sandford before he struck Johnson on the Breast with his Hand; but it appearing by two positive Evidences about what the negative Evidences called the Blow on the Defendant's Breast, was only Mr. Sandford's putting of the Handspike from his Face, the Jury Found him Guilty. Fined 10 Marks. The Tryals being over, the Coste proceeded to give Judgement as followeth: Receiv'd Sentence of Death, 7. William Herbert, William Bond, Thomas Knight, Themas Butler, William Spigget alias Spiggot, Thomas Phillips alias Cross, and William Burroughs. Burnt in the Hand, 2. James Melton, and Mary Browning, To be Transported, 19 Elizabeth Wells, John Wood, John Terry, John Cornwall, Peter de Plosh, John Edwards, William Bridgeman, William Ingledeau, Thomas Butcher, Mary Shephard, Elizabeth Stiles, Elizabeth Smith alias Richardson, Mary Rawford, William Wright, William Flewelling, Michael Hall, Rebecca Withers, Sarah Gibson, and John Heatley. To be Whipt, 1. Elizabeth Hunt Joseph Johnson for his Misdemeanour, was fined 10 Marks Newly Printed for Eman Matthews at the Bible in Pater-noster-Row. 1. An Account of the Life and Death of the late Reverend Mr. Matthew Henry, by the Reverend Mr. Tong. The Second Edition. 2. The Doctrine of the Blessed Trinity Stated and Defended by the Reverend Mr. Tong, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Smith and Mr. Reynoldss. The Second Edition price 1s 6d.. 3.Memoires of the Life of the Reverend Thomas Fister, A. M. and sometimes fellow of Pembroke College in Oxford, with his Funeral Sermon by the Reverend Mr. Charles Owen, Price Bound 6 d. 4. Hymns sacred to the Lord's Table, Collected and Methodised by the Reverend Mr. Charles Owen. Price pound 6 d. 5. Plain-Dealing. or Seperation without Schism and Schism without Seperation, by the Reverend Mr. Charles Owen. The Seventh Edition price, 6 d. 6. Observations on sudden Death, Occasion'd by the late frequent Instances of it both in the City and Country by the Reverend Mr. Grosvener. Price 6d. 7. Past Deliverances and present Calamities Improv'd in a Sermon preach'd by the Reverend Mr. John Evans. Price. 3d. LONDON, Printed for Eman. Matthews at the Bible in Pater-noster-Row; by M. Jenour against St. Sepulchres Back-Gate in Gilt-Spur-Street near Newgate; and Sold by J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane. Where Advertisements are taken in.(Price 3 d.)"	"the proceedings on the king's commission of the peace, oyer and terminer, and gaol dallvery, for the city of london, and county of middlsex, held at justice-hall, in the old-bailey. during the mayoralty of the rt. honble sir george thorold, knight, and baronet, lord-mayor of the city of london. in the 6th year of his majesty's reign. 1720. london printed for e. symon at the corner of pope's head alley, against the royal exchange, in cornhill by m. jonur, against st. sepul ure's back gate in gilt spur street, near newgate. the proceedings on the king's commission of the peace, and oyer and terminer, and goal-delivery of newgate, held for the city of london, and county of middlesex, at justice-hall in the old bayly, on friday, saturday and monday, being the 13th, 14th, and 16th of this instant january, 1720, in the seventh year of his majesty's reign. before the right honourable sir john fryer, bar. lord mayor of the city of london; the right honourable the lord chief baron bury, mr. justice powys, mr. justice tracy, john raby, esq; deputy recorder; and several of his majesty's justices of the peace for the city of london, and country of middlesex. the jurors names were as followeth: london jury. john appleby, daniel woodrose, henry clifton, joseph partington, nicholas faulcon, john glover, john shanks, joshua walfree, william stevens, john short, edward leapidge, john marsh. middlesex jury. edward boswell, joseph spencer, john parsons, henry vaughan, john ford, francis goodge, joseph wotton, henry newton, thomas richmond, henry goddard, percival ludgate, thomas philips. the proceedings were as followeth: john wood, of st. botolph without aldersgate, was indicted for privately stealing 2 silk handkerchiefs, value 3 s. from the person of john prior, on the 23d of december last. the prosecutor deposed, that as he was going up aldersgate-street, between 11 and 12 a clock the night aforesaid, he saw the prisoner draw his handkerchiefs out of his pocket, whereupon he laid him on with his cane, cry'd out a pickpocket, and the prisoner was taken with the handkerchiefs upon him. william burridge deposed, that he took the prisoner, and found the handkerchiefs upon him. the prisoner denied the fact, and said that he was going along, but was not near the prosecutor, who crying out, he was stopt but calling no evidence to prove it, not any to his reputation, and the evidence being very positive against him, the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john terry and john cornwall of st. olave hart-street, were indicted for feloniously stealing 5 pound weight of russia yarn value 2 s. the goods of william and richard baker, on the 10th of january last. they were also indicted a second time for feloniously stealing 20 ells of russia linnen value 10 s. the goods of edward hobday. henry bradford deposed, that he was employed to house merchants goods; and that he employed the prisoners as porters to assist him; that being in formed that terry had lockt up some goods in a cupboard in a house they used, he waited in the room concealed till terry came and took mr. hubday's piece of linnen out of the cupboard, and then secured him: that cornwall was taken in the next room, with the scane of yarn in his breeches. philip fortune deposed, that he perceiving cornwall's apron to stick out, suspected him, and took the scane of yarn out of his breeches. terry in his defence said, that he found the cloth in the yard, and carried it to the house to lay up, and going at night to fetch it; he was stopt; but being told he should have enquir'd who it belong'd to, and not have concealed it; he said he never did an ill thing before, and called several to his reputation. cornwall said he knew nothing of it, but called none to his reputation. the jury considering the matter, found them guilty of both indictments to the value of 10 d. each. transportation. walter herbert, of st. peters cheap, was indicted for breaking the dwelling house of thomas smith on the 4th of december last in the night time, and taking thence 1 silver porringer, 2 silver mugs, 2 silver salvers, 2 silver salts, 2 silver spoons, 3 gilt spoons, a silver marrow spoon, 6 silver tea spoons, tongs and strainer, a silver tobacco box, a silver orange-strainer, a pair of silver candlesticks and snuffers, 3 silver casters, a silver cruit-frame and 2 cruit tops, a silver bottle crain, a silver stand, pap-pan and pap-spoon,&c. the goods of the said thomas smith. the prosecutor deposed, that he being with his family in the country, his servant came to him and told him that his parlour door and bouffet were broke open and his plate gone, whereupon he came to town, and met one who told him where some of his place was, and he found some of his spoons(which he produc'd in court) accordingly; that the rest of his plate was carried to dover in order to go to france, but being stopt there, the prisoner came back to london, and gave the prosecutor a particular account of the box of plate so stopt, in writing; which being inspected there, proved to be the same he had lost: that the prisoner had been his servant formerly, and having then behaved himself very well; had access to his house afterwards. the prisoner owned the fact. and being askt after what manner he committed it said, that he got into the house(the door being open) about 4 a clock in the afternoon, and did himself under the cellar stairs till about 12 or 1 at night, and then broke open the parlour-door, and bouffet, and took the goods. the jury found him guilty of the indictment. death. elizabeth wells, of st. olave silver-street, was indicted for feloniously stealing a velvet scarfe, a silk hood, a suit of headclothes, a pair of stays, a sattin mantle,&c. in all to the value of 7 l. the goods of mary brindley, in the dwelling-house of elizabeth johnson, on the the 28th of november last. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner came to her lodgings the day aforesaid just as she was going out, and askt her if she did not know one mrs. morris; that she answered, yes; that the prisoner said mrs. morris had recommended her(the prosecutor) to her self(the prisoner) for a midwife; that she askt her to drink a dish of coffee, but the prisoner not liking that liquor, she sent for a pint of drink for her; that after a little talk, the prisoner went away, and she went out about her business; that presently after the prisoner came back again, and called her(the prosecutor's) grand daughter by her name, saying, betty open the door, which she did; and the prisoner went in and sent betty to the black bull in wood-street, to enquire for mrs. sarah the bar-keeper, and while she was gone of the errand robb'd her lodgings of the goods mentioned in the indictment. that afterwards going out and taking her grand-daughter along with her, she(her grand-daughter) saw the prisoner in the street, ran to her, took her by the arm and secured her till they got a constable; that when she was in the watch-house, she perceived the prisoner to have the suit of headclothes on mentioned in the indictment. the prosecutor's grand-daughter confirmed the same, and farther deposed, that she was sure that the prisoner was the same person that came to their lodgings, and sent her of the errand. mrs. morris deposed that the prisoner came to her house and ask'd for the baker(this evidence's husband); and said that her husband was lighterman, and church-warden of the parish, that he was her(this evidence's) husband's countryman, and would take bread of him; that after some discourse the prisoner askt her who was her midwife, saying that she was with child of her 14th child, and her old midwife was dead; whereupon she told her, mrs. brindley(the prosecutor) was her midwife, and directed her where she liv'd. the prisoner denied the fact, but called none to her reputation. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. peter de plosh, of st. botolph bishopsgate, was indicted for privately stealing a pair of gloves, a hat, an iron tobacco-box and 3 s. 9 d. in money, from the person of william howard, on the 16th of december last. the prosecutor deposed, that as he lay asleep on a butcher's stall between 2 and 3 a clock the morning aforesaid, he lost his money, gloves, hat and tobacco-box; and that they were going to take off his booots, which waked him; that his gloves and tobacco-box were found on the prisoner.- werrey deposed, that the prisoner was a common disturber, was making a noise in the street, had threatned to set his uncle's house on fire, and he was sent for to secure him, who threatning him, he search'd him for fear he should have any pistols in his pocket, and found the prosecutor's box there. the justice deposed that one tyler confest before him that the prisoner and himself pickt a man's pocket on a butcher's stall in bishopsgate-street, and that the prisoner was brought before him for threatning to set his uncle's house on fire. the prisoner denied the fact, and said that he kickt the box before him in the street, and took it up. he called none to his reputation, neither could be give any account how he lived, the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. john edwards of st. botolph without bishopsgate, was indicted for privately stealing, a holland handkerchief value 2 s. from the person of peter munsoe on the 9th of this instant january. the prosecutor deposed that he lost his handkerchief out of his pocket, which was found in the prisoner's breeches. richard greening deposed, that as he was going down bishops-gate-street he was told that the prisoner had pickt the prosecutor's pocket of his handkerchiefs, whereupon he secured him, and found 5 handkerchiefs about him; that the prosecutor owned the white one, and told the marks of it before it was taken from the prisoner. the jury found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transporation. john taylor, of st. mildred in breadstreet, was indicted for breaking open the dwelling house of henry hide, on the 31st of december last in the night time, and taking thence 3 washing tubs, 4 bouls, a peck-measure, a quarter of a peck-measure, 5 funnels and 2 wooden platters. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. mary browning, of st. james at clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silver mag value 30 s. and a camblet riding hood value 5 s. the goods of thomas science, on the 29th of december last. it appeared that the prisoner had been the prosecutor's servant about a week, took the goods and going to sell the mug was stopt, when she confest it was her master's, who being sent for by the goldsmith, came and owned it. the prisoner had nothing to say for her self. the jury found her guilty. burnt in the hand. thomas knight, of st. margaret in westminster, was indicted for privately stealing 29 snuff boxes, 16 tooth-pick-cases, 3 womens equipages, 2 pair of pearl tossels, 2 pair of ear rings, 30 rings, 12 pair of gold buttons, 8 tweezer-cases, 9 pair of gold buckles, 8 gold chains, 17 gold and diamond rings, 1 pair of silver spurs,&c. in all to the value of 666 l. 5 s. in the shop of william deard, on the 23d of december last. the prosecutor deposed, that he being sent for, found his shop broke open and his goods gone; that he found the prisoner in the custody of a constable; that he got a search warrant, and found most of the other goods in the prisoner's lodging, that the prisoner confest the fact before the justice, and said that he broke open the shop with an augre, which he had left in the shop, and which the prosecutor produced in court. t. wix deposed, that the prisner bought the augre produced, of him. jeremiah lowen(the former evidence's servant) confirmed the same. thomas bird deposed, that he was sent for by the goldsmith who stopt the prisoner, to search his lodgings, where he found a chest of goods, which were produced in court, and swore to by the prosecutor. mr. mottier deposed, that the prisoner came to sell a parcel of broken gold toys; but he having heard that the prosecutor had been robb'd stopt the prisoner, and sent for the prosecutor, who owned them. elizabeth wilks deposed, that the prisoner gave her a pair of buttons which were owned by the prosecutor. the prisoner's confession before the justice was read in court, wherein he owned that he broke open the prosecutor's shop in the court of requests, and took the goods. the prisoner in his defence urged that it could not be privately stealing, because it was in the night, but was told it was the more private for that; and that it was not a shop but a stall: he also called several to his reputation, who gave him a very good character. but the fact being fully proved upon him, and confessed also by himself, the jury found him guilty. death. mary cranstone, of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing 4 yards of cable value 15 d. the goods of a person unknown, on the 12th of december last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. mary taylor, of st. botolph without aldgate, was indicted for the murder of her male bastard child, on the 6th of december last. mrs. pain deposed, that she was sent for to the prisoner, who complained that she was very ill of the cholick; that looking about they found the child in the close-stool; that there were no marks of violence upon it, and she believed that it was not at its full growth. rebecca taylor deposed, that the child was dead when she came; and that the prisoner told her she thought she had two months longer to go; that there were no marks of violence upon it, and that she believed it to be stilborn.- desbury deposed, that when she came in she found the prisoner on the ground as dying; helpt her up on the bed, sent for a midwife, found the child, and ask'd the prisoner if she had any thing to wrap it in, who said yes, in her trunk; that they went immediately to her trunk, and there found childbed linnen, which was produced in court. ann way confirmed the finding the childbed linnen in her trunk. robert bayley deposed, that the prisoner's mother sent for him, and told him that her daughter had a violent pain of the cholick, that he gave her a gentle purge to ease her, and a little after heard that she was deliver'd of a child. the jury considering the whole matter acquitted her. rebecca withers, of st. mary in the savoy, was indicted for feloniously stealing a brass pot and cover, a brass sauce-pan, a copper drinking pot and 11 yards of camblet, the goods of john heath and james bostock, on the 27th of december last. john heath deposed, that the prisoner was his servant, but gone from him about 4 months, that mrs. roberts came and told him that she had robb'd them, and carry'd the goods to mrs. tripp's, where she lodged, whereupon he went thither, and found some of them, and the prisoner confess'd all mentioned in the indictment. mrs. roberts deposed, that she hired the prisoner for a servant, and losing some small things went to enquire after her character, and hearing that she had carried some goods to tripp's, gave the prosecutor notice. susannah tripp deposed, that the prisoner brought the goods to her house as her own, and ask'd her to sell the brass pot and cover for her, which she did for a shilling. the prisoner denied the fact, but called none to her reputation. the jury considering the matter found her guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. katharine clarke, of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for privately stealing a silver watch value 40 s, a silver chain value 2 s. 6 d. and a gold ring value 17 s. from the person of alexander ramsey, on the 6th of this instant january. the prosecutor deposed, that he having been drinking a glass of wine, as he was going home met the prisoner and another woman, who ask'd him to give them a pot of drink; that he went with them to an alehouse door; but did not go into the house, call'd for a pot of drink paid for it, and went away; that they followed him, and the other woman took him about the neck, pull'd him backwards, and said she would kiss him; that he missing his watch seized the prisoner. who said the other woman had it; that he was told, if he would not prosecute the other, he should have his things again; which were indeed brought to him, but he knew not by what means. the prisoner in her defence said that the prosecutor pickt up a woman and carried her into a brandy-shop; that he threw her upon the bed, and afterwards went with her into an empty room, where they were together above an hour: that he called her(the prisoner) to fetch them a pot of drink and a candle; that his breeches were down, and the other woman running away he seized upon her(the prisoner.) the prosecutor being ask'd, own'd his being at the brandy-shop with them, and that he paid a shilling for two quarterns of brandy; and that the prisoner was searcht and nothing found upon her. the jury considering the matter, acquitted her. humphrey angier, elizabeth his wife and william duce, of st. martin in the fields, were indicted for assaulting rose turner, putting her in fear and taking from her a gold ring value 10 s. and 4 l. 4 s. in money. but it appearing to be a malicious prosecution; the jury acquitted them. james gibbs, of st. james in westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a pair of flaxen sheets, and a diaper tablecloth, the goods of peter mackdonnel, on the 30th of november last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. william bridgeman, of st. ann in westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing a callicoe gown value 10 s. and a linnen apron value 2 s. the goods of margaret litchfield; and 3 suits of headclothes value 6s. the goods of william tustin, on the 8th of december last. margaret litchfield deposed, that she lost her gown and apron, which were hung up in her entry to dry. sarah tustin deposed, that she lost 3 suits of headclothes out of her room. mary bostock deposed, that she seeing the prisoner hold a wet gown up against the lamp to look upon it, and afterwards cram it into his breeches, acquainted a chairman(that was just by) of the matter, who went to him, secured him and had him before a justice; that they found the headclothes, gown and apron in his breeches, which were produced in court and swore to be the prosecutors. the chairman confirmed the former evidence. the prisoner in his defence said that he found them, and having no where else to put them, thrust them into his breeches, and intended to have them cry'd the next morning. but the jury not believing him, found him guilty. transportation. william ingledeau, of st. andrew in holbourn, was indicted for assaulting ann wall on the high way on the 26th of december last, putting her in fear, and taking from her a turkey handkerchief trimm'd with gold value 20s. the goods of nicholas wall. ann wall deposed, that she met the prisoner and two more in holbourn; that the prisoner snatcht her handkerchief off her neck, and threw it to the others; whereupon she cry'd out, and the boy that was with her seized the prisoner immediately, and the other two ran away. daniel stiles deposed, that as he was going home with the prosecutor, he saw the prisoner take her handkerchief, whereupon he seized him and pull'd him from her. daniel mitchel deposed, that the prisoner, when brought to him, said he had been in druy-lane, that he knew not the other two, and offer'd to make satisfaction; that he said he should be try'd for his life, but hop'd to come off with transportation, which he did not much value, for he had been abroad already. the prisoner denied the fact, and called two to his reputation, who deposed that they knew him from his birth, that he was a barber and perriwig maker, had been at the indies, and came home about 3 months ago, and had behaved himself honestly. the jury considering the matter, and that the handkerchief was snatcht off the prosecutor's neck without any violence done to her person, or putting her in bodily fear, the jury found him guilty of the felony only. transportation. james melton, of the parish of pancras in middlesex, was indicted for the murder of thomas lewis, by giving him one mortal wound in the left pap with a drawn sword, of the breadth of half an inch and the depth of 6 inches, of which he instantly died. he was indicted a second time for manslaughter on the coroner's inquest for the same. james west deposed, that he being in lambs-conduit-fields, some boys told him that the prisoner and the deceased were going to fight, whereupon he followed them to a place near the new burying ground, and saw them strip, take up their swords, and push at one another; that the deceased wounded the prisoner in his right side, which bled very much; that they shook hands, the deceased went away, and the prisoner followed him; that the deceased turn'd about, and the prisoner stood ready to receive him; that they fought again, and the prisoner wounded the deceased in the left breast, who died immediately. john frazer deposed, that they were drinking together at the king's arms in drury lane, being about 14 in company(drummers in 2 several regiments of the guards) and that some words arose about dividing the money that had been given them for beating; that the deceased had the money in his hand and said, here's the money, who will take it from me? that after other words the deceased said, there's no time like the present, i'll never part with it till i see it out. that they went out, and he wondering that they staid, went after them, and met the prisoner very bloody; who told him that what he had done he did in his own defence: that he seized him and broke his sword. that the prisoner and the deceased had no quarrel before, but were very good friends. the prisoner said that what he did was in his own defence, and that he would have dropt the deceased, but he came to him and said if he would go into the fields he(the deceased) would give him a pot, and his share of the money; that when they came to the place where they fought, the deceased said, be had fought several men in that place, and would there fight him. that the deceased wounded him in his right pap, which he at first thought was mortal; that he did not know that he followed the deceased afterwards, till he turn'd and said, i thought i had done your business already; when he(the prisoner) gave back, and the deceased ran on his sword. the jury considering the whole matter, found him guilty of manslaughter only. burnt in the hand. sarah gibson, of st. clements danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing a brass candlesticks and a saveall, the goods of peter warburton, esq; on the 7th of this instant january. thomas wharton deposed, that he was with his master in his chamber in lincolns inn, and hearing a noise as of the fall of brass, went to see what it was, and, met the prisoner, who askt him if he wanted any writing sand; that when she was gone he mist the candlesticks, and went after her, and found them and the saveall upon her in another stair-case. the prisoner said she never did so before, and called two to her reputation. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 10 d transportation. thomas butler of st. andrew in holbourn, was indicted for feloniously stealing a gold watch, a silk night-gown, and 6 holland shirts, in all to the value of 26 l. the goods of sir justinian isham, bart. a silver watch. a sword and 8 guineas, the goods and money of john whitacre; and 14 l. 8s. 6d. the money of edward freeman, on the 12th of january, 1719. john whitacre deposed, that as he was travelling with sir justinian isham, they were assaulted by 3 men near dunstable in hertfordshire, that one of them took sir justinian out of his chariot, and another(he believed the prisoner) took him out; that he gave him what money he had, but the prisoner askt for his watch, which he had hid under the seat in the chariot, and which the prisoner afterwards found; that they took sir justinian's pocket-book and key; took the trunk and were going to break it open, but that he(this evidence) gave them the key; that they took out of the trunk a gold watch, a night-gown, 6 shirts, a silver hilted sword and 14 l. in money. that the prisoner owned when taken that he had sir justinian's gold watch and night-gown, and this evidence's watch and a ring for his share; and that he wore the night-gown, which was found in his lodging and produced in court, and swore to be the same that was taken out of the trunk aforesaid. the woman of the house where he lodged, near red-lion-square in middlesex; deposed that he went by the name of esq; becket; wore black velver, lace ruffles, and every thing else answerable. john osgood deposed, that about half a year after the robbery, he received a letter from the prosecutor to enquire after the prisoner; who owned, that himself, one smith, who was executed at maidstone, and jack- in ireland, who went for his footman, committed the fact, and owned to him(this evidence) all the particulars, saying it signified nothing, to conceal any any thing, for he was to be an evidence. the jury found him guilty. death. thomas butcher, of st. giles without cripplegate, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 boxes value 3 s. 20 printed books value 20 s. and a brass candlestick value 1 s. the goods of henry phelps, on the 8th of this instant january. jonathan betterton deposed, that being call'd to go to the fire, which broke out about 7 a clock that night in red-cross-street, going through the bowling-alley into white-cross-street, to call another watchman, he heard two men parlying in the dark, and one of them said to the other d- n you, why don't you go off now we have got our booty? whereupon he went back to the end of the alley, and took the prisner as he came out with one of the boxes, and the other person threw down that he had got, and ran away. the prosecutor deposed, that the fire broke out the back-side of his house; that the goods taken on the prisoner(which were produc'd in court) were his; and that he lost them at that time. the prisoner in his defence said, that he met a man in white-cross-street with 2 boxes, who offer'd him 6 d. to carry one of them; and being ask'd, said he did not know where he was to carry them, nor the man who employed him, and bid him follow him. he having no evidence to prove it, nor any to his reputation, the jury found him guilty. transportation. john heatley of the precinct of st. katharines, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 pair of silver buckles value 10 s. the goods of samuel lloyd, on the 25th of november last. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner about 3 or 4 a clock the morning aforesaid, came into his master's barge. even into the cabbin, without any ceremony, and being wet, his master ordered him(this evidence) to rise and make a fire to dry him; that when he had dried himself he went away, and he(the prosecutor) mist his buckels out of his shoes, which when the prisoner came into the barge, stood by the fire-place, but were removed; that there was no body else in the cabbin; that some time after(having notice of him) they took him at a musick house, and he confest the fact. william lewis(the prosecutor's master) confirmed the same. another evidence deposed, that when the prisoner was taken they brought him to his house, where he owned to him that he took the buckles, and said that he was sorry for it. the prisoner denied the fact upon his tryal, and in his defence said, that, he fell into the mud, and went into the thames to wash himself and clothes, then into the barge to dry them: that when they took him they told him he must go to newgate if he did not make satisfaction, and gave him a week's time to raise money to do it, which he not performing, they brought this prosecution against him. but could not prove his defence, nor bring any to his reputation. the jury considering the matter, found him guilty to the value of 10 d. transportation. ann wood, of st. ann in westminster, was indicted for privately stealing 2 silk handkerchiefs value 6 s. in the shop of william wakeham, on the 2 d. of this instant january. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. elizabeth hunt, of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing a pewter quart pot value 20 d. the goods of griffith edwards, on the 20th of december last. the prosecutor deposed, that the constable sent him word that searching for stolen goods, he had found his pot in the prisoner's cellar. the pot was produced in court, had the prosecutor's name,&c. writ round it, and was swore to by him; and that he lost it 2 or 3 days before he had notice of it. the constable confirmed the former evidence, and farther deposed, that he found several other pots belonging to divers people, some batter'd and others with the names of the owners filed out, which he also produced in court. the prisoner in her defence said, that she lent money on the prosecutor's pot to a woman who promised to redeem it the next day; and called some persons to her reputation. the jury considering the matter, found her guilty to the value of 10 d. to be whipt. mary shepherd, of st. giles in the fields, was indicted for feloniously stealing 3 gold rings, value 35 s. a silver buckle value 1 s. and a girdle value 2 s. the goods of simon newman, on the 19th of december last. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner was his servant, and took the goods out of his drawer, and went away with them. henry mallard deposed, that he went to seek after the prisoner, and found her in kent-street, drunk: that she pull'd one of the rings off her finger, and told where she had sold the other two; which they found accordingly: that they brought her away with them, but when she came to st. paul's church-yard she would go no further without a coach. the jury found her guilty. transportation. hester watts, of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 pair of leather breeches value 2 s. the goods of richard colecroft, on the 4th of this instant january. it appeared that the prisoner took the breeches out of the prosecutors shop, but being seen and spoke to, carried them back and hung them up again. she was a very antient poor object, and the prosecutor declaring that he was willing to forgive her if the court would, the jury acquitted her. elizabeth stiles, of st. james at clerkenwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing 3 guineas, a half guinea, a quarter guinea, and 7 s. 6 d. in money; the money of mary roebottom, on the 11th of november last. the prosecutor deposed, that the prisoner and 3 women more came to her house towards the evening to borrow 40 s. and took between 12 and 15 l. which was in a bag in her drawer, her key being in the drawer; that she saw her money there the minute before she mist it, having gone to her bag to change a half crown for them; that she pursued and took the prisoner with a guinea, a half crown and a six-pence. mr. ely deposed, that the prisoner confest the fact; and owned that the guinea, half crown and six-pence were the prosecutor's, and that betty jones gave them to her, for her share. the constable confirm'd the last evidence: and it appearing that the other 3 were indicted the last sessions for the same fact, when the prisoner was to have given evidence against them; but instead thereof clear'd them, the jury found her guilty. transportation. william robbins, of st. james in westminster, was indicted for committing a rape on the body of mary tabor,(a girl of about 7 years of age) on the 24th of december last. mary tabor(the mother of the girl) deposed, that her husband took the child out with him on christmas-eve; that when she came home seem'd to be uneasy. wriggling her body, and being askt where she had been, she said at her taylor's sitting on his shop-board; that on the monday she complained that she could not make water, and that she smarted sadly; that on tuesday she complained wose, and being examin'd, told her, that the prisoner put his finger into the place where she made water, and also put the thing with which be made water, into the place where she made water. elizabeth smith deposed, that she being sent for, found the child's private parts swell'd and rent downwards; that there had been force, but she knew not who did it. joseph de layer deposed, that he was sent for to the girl, and found her privy parts very sore and bruised; that she had a running which continued then; that there was a penetration, and that she had been forced by a man. john west and peter du hamel(two other surgeons) confirmed the former surgeon's evidence, and deposed that they were of the same opinion with him. john tabor deposed, that the prisoner owned to him that the girl was with him on christmas-eve; but denied that he did any thing to her. another evidence deposed that the prisoner's stall is next the street, that one man may work in it and no more; that there's a flap to shut up; and that the child was well before that saturday. another woman deposed that she washt the child's linnen, and never saw any marks of hurt before. the prisoner denied that the child was with him that day; or that he ever offer'd any thing like it to her, and call'd the following evidence: john brown deposed, that he viewed the child with two other surgeons, that there was not a penetration large enough for a man to make; that he try'd with a probe, which would not go up; that she had a running, and that he had known the like hurt occasion'd by a child's riding on a horse. another surgeon that was with the child at the same time as the former, deposed that there was no penetration large enough for a man, that she was not lacerated, and that the probe would not enter. mary tomlins deposed, that the prisoner's shop is next the street, and as publick as the high way, and some body or other always at it; that the prisoner was hard at work that day for a tenant of hers to finish his coat against christmas-day, and work till 12 a clock at night; that she lives over against his shop. but being ask'd, said, that she did not know that he was at work for her tenant till after; and that there is a window to shut up when the prisoner goes out. he also called 5 or 6 to his reputation, who gave him the character of a honest civil man, but one said that he would run after the girls a little. the jury considering the whole matter acquitted him. andrew carewehus was indicted for a perjury in making a false affidavit in the court of king's bench to put off a tryal there. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. elizabeth smith, alias richardson, of st. john at hackney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a gold ring value 20 s. the goods of jeremiah woodley, on the 16th of december last. it appeared that the prisner was the prosecutor's servant, and that her mistress sent her to london with a horse to sell some goods; that she staid out with the horse all night and spent the money; that her mistress missing the ring came to town the next day and found her, charg'd her with the fact, and had her before a justice, where she confess'd it. her confession was read in court, and the jury found her guilty. transportation. susannah mountjoy, of st. dunstan at stepney, was indicted for feloniously stealing a callimancoe petticoat value 16 s. the goods of john eggleston, and a camblet riding hood, the goods of elizabeth smith, on the 10th of december last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. mary rawford, of st. james in westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing 1 pewter dish, 7 pewter plates, 2 pewter spoons and a copper saucepan, the goods of john cullis, on the 10th of this instant january. the prosecutor deposed that the prisoner came with her mother to his house, and while her mother went up stairs, the prisoner took the goods out of the yard, which were afterwards found upon her tuckt up in her petticoats. the prosecutor's servant confirm'd the finding the goods on the prisoner as before related. the prisoner in her defence said, that she did not intend to steal the goods, but only to make the maid(who was a malicious person) hunt for them. but that excuse not availing, the jury found her guilty. transportation. richard branch of stanwell, was indicted for feloniously stealing a black gelding value 8l. the goods of henry hosey, on the 11th of july last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted him. daniel collins, of st. paul at shadwell, was indicted for committing a rape on the body of mary the wife of henry powell, on the 14th of november last. but no evidence coming against him, and it appearing to be a contrivance to extort money from him, the jury acquitted him, and the court granted him a copy of his indictment. edward arnold, of st. clements danes, was indicted for assaulting william saunders on the 10th october last, putting him in fear, and taking from him a silver headed cane value 20s. and 3s. 6 d. in money, the goods and money of the said william saunders. it appeared that the prisoner went with other constable s to the 5 bells in essex-street to take up saunders with a scape warrant; that meeting with resistance the cane was mist for the present, and saunders rescued. it appearing not to be a robbery but a lawful action, the jury acquitted the prisoner, and the court granted him a copy of his indictment. ann lee, alias carter, of st. paul at shadwell was indicted for feloniously stealing a stuff petticoat value 2 s. the goods of ann travers, on the 20th of may last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. william wright of isleworth, was indicted for feloniously stealing a leaden cistern value 30s. the goods of john gumley, esq; on the 28th of november last. john davis deposed, that william corner ask'd him one morning if he would go along with him and the prisoner wright to fetch a cistern belonging to the prisoner; and afterward the prisoner askt him himself; that he went with them about 9 or 10 at night, that they went in the back way, moved it into a piece of garden-ground, cut it into 4 pieces and threw it into some water to hide it; and that this evidence discovered where it was when he was taken up. another evidence deposed that the prisosoner's mother kept the prosecutor's house; that he found the waste pipe of the cistern in the prisoner's house; that the prisoner then deny'd the taking of it, and said he found the pipe on the road; and that davis told him(this evidence) where it was, and he found it accordingly. another evidence deposed that the prisoner told him he thought he had as much right to it as mr. gumley. the prisoner in his defence said that he had it from the house where his uncle left it, and that it was his uncle's house. john davis being called again, deposed, that the house and cistern did belong to the prisoner's uncle mr. crosby, who sold it to mr. gumly. the jury found him guily. transportation. william flewelling, of st. clements danes, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 coach-seats value 20 s. the goods of sir andrew chadwick, on the 12th of this instant january. richard acreman deposed, that he going up bow-street with george bowers, heard an oyster-woman cry out stop thief, and saw the prisoner run with two coach-seats; that he dropt one of them in the kennel and they took him with the other upon him. george bowers confirmed the former evidence. the prosecutor deposed, that his chariot waited for him in essex-street, and his servant came to him and told him the seats were stollen out of it. the coachman and footman deposed, that they had seen the seats that were dropt by, and taken upon the prisoner, and that they were their master's. the prisoner in his defence said that he found them in drury-lane; but could not prove it, nor call any to his reputation; and the jury not taking his word for it, found him guilty. transportation. he was a second time indicted for assaulting john davis, a little boy, on the 13th of this instant january, putting him in fear, and taking from him a cloth coat value 8 s. but the evidence not being sufficient to fix it upon him, the jury acquitted him. mary freeman, of st. margarets westminster was indicted for feloniously stealing a holland shirt value 7s. the goods of ann hind, on the 24th of november last, but no evidence appearing against the prisoner the jury acquitted her: and the court order'd the recognizance of 20 l. penalty which the prosecutor was bound in, to be restreated into the exchequer. michael hall, of st. margaret in westminster, was indicted for feloniously stealing 2 guineas, the money of katharine simpson, in the dwelling house of a person unknown, on the 8th of this instant january. the prosecutor deposed, that she is a servant at the grey coat school in westminster; and that the prisoner was brought up there, and put out apprentice; that he came to see her the day aforesaid(which was examination day, and a great many people there) and she perceiving him to be ill, took him into her room and set him down by the fire, and while she went out about her business, he took an opportunity to take the guineas out of her chest, which was unlockt in the room where she left him. the prisoner had nothing to say for himself and the jury considering his youth, found him guilty to the value of 39 s. transportation. mary hollingsby, of st. marry le bone, was indicted for feloniously stealing 8 guineas on the 5th of this instant january, in the dwelling house of thomas grant. but no evidence appearing against her, the jury acquitted her. and the court ordered the prosecutor's recognizance of 40l. penalty, which he was bound into prosecute her, to be restreated into the exchequer. sarah mills, of st. botolph at billingsgate, was indicted for feloniously stealing a silk handkerchief value 2 s. and 84 pieces of gold called moidores, the goods of anthony de basto corea, in the dwelling-house of mary hill, on the 7th of january last. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her. william spigget alias spiggot, and thomas phillips alias cross, having had several bills of indictment for robbing on the high way, found against them by the grand jury, were brought to the bar to be arraigned and take their trials, but they stood mute, and refused to plead till they should have the money, horses, accoutrements, and other things which were taken from them when they were apprehended returned to them; but the court told them that could not be granted, and for their satisfaction order'd a clause in an act of parliament made in the 4th and 5th years of the reign of king william and queen mary, intituled an act for encouraging the apprehending of highway men, to be read unto them, which is as follows: ` and it is hereby further enacted, that all and ` every person or persons who shall so take, apprehend, prosecute, or committ such robber or robbers, as aforesaid, as a further reward shall have and enjoy to his and their proper use and behoof the horse, furniture and arms, money, or other goods of the said robber or robbers that shall be taken with him or them; any their majesties right or title, bodies politick of corporate, or the right or title thereunto of the lord of any manor, liberty or franchise, or of him or them lending or letting the same to hire to any such robber or robbers in any wise not withstanding. provided always, that this clause, or any thing therein contained shall not be construed to extend to take away the right of any person or persons to such horses, furniture and arms, money or other goods from whom the same were before feloniously taken. but they still refusing to plead, the court acquainted them with the ill consequences of their refusal, and what a heavy judgement they would draw down upon themselves if they persisted in their obstinacy; and the more effectually to convince them of their folly and error, ordered the judgement to be read to them, which if they continued mute must be pronounced against them, and put in execution, which judgment was to the effect following, that the prisoner shall be sent to the prison from whence he came, and put into a mean house, stopped from light, and there shall be laid upon the bare ground without any litter, straw or other covering, and without any garment about him, saving something to cover his privy members and that he shall lie upon his back, and his head shall be covered, and his feet bare, and that one of his ` arms shall be drawn with a cord to one side of the house, and the other arm to the other side, and that his legs shall be used in the same manner, and that upon his body shall be laid so much iron and stone as he can bear, and more, and that the first day after he shall have three morsels of barley bread, without any drink, and the second day he shall drink so much as he can three times of the wa`ter which is next the prison door, saving running water, without any bread: and this shall be his diet until be die. and he against whom this judgment shall be given, forfeits to the king his goods. all this having no effect upon them, the executioner was called and ordered to tye their thumbs, as usual in such cases; but all being in vain, and they still peremptorily refusing, and declaring that they would not plead not withstanding all the admonition that could be given them; the court proceeded to pass sentence against them to be prest to death, as the law directs. whereupon they were carried back to newgate in order to undergo that judgment the law had inflicted on them; but when they came to the press, thomas phillips alias cross desired to be carried again to the bar, saying he would plead; and spiggot continuing still resolute, was put into the press according to his sentence, where after he had been some time, he also desired that he might be carried to the bar again, to plead which being granted, they were indicted by the names of william spigget alias spiggot and thomas philips alias cross, for assaulting john watkins on the high way, on the 12th of november last, putting him in fearand taking from him a silver watch, a holland gown, a pair of stays, a scarlet riding-hood lined with silk, with divers other goods, and 5 l. in money, in all to the value of 200l. they were again indicted with william heater; spiggot and phillips for assaulting john turner on the high way, on the 1st of november last, putting him in fear, and taking from him 5 guineas, the money of the said john turner, and 1 box, a gold watch, 12 holland shirts, 2 pair of lace ruffles, 2 cambrick bosoms. 2 lawn, turnovers, 2 muslin turnovers, 2 pair of stockings, a hat, a perriwig,&c. and 12 guineas, the goods and money of neal sheldon, esq; and hater as accessory in harbouring them, and receiving the said goods knowing them to be stole. john watkins deposed, that as he was going to monmouth with his pack-horses, between brentford and smallberry-green, he observed phillips to follow and watch him; that when he came to bishops-grove on hounslow-heath, spiggot, phillips and another rode up to him; that spiggot clapt a pistol to his breast, bid him stand, took his watch and 5 l. from him and said if he wou'd not tell him what horse the money was on they would kill them all. phillips stopt the ostler who was with him and took one of his pack-horses with the goods, and the other person secur'd his man; that he lost above 200 l. in all. that he was sure spiggot and phillips were two of the three who robb'd him; that he knew spiggot a great many years ago, and had seen him in monmouth goal. john turner deposed. that he was robb'd on the 1st of november about 2 in the morning, by 5 men, 4 of them on horseback, the other on foot, near tyburn; that they took mr. sheldon's box out of his waggon and carried it away, and he following of them they knockt him down; that they went into his waggon again, but took nothing else out of it; that they took a mare from him; and that they were masqued and disguised. neal sheldon deposed, that about the 29th of october he was coming out of buckinghamshire, and thinking his portmantua too heavy for his man, he sent it up john turner the wendover carrier, and that the perriwig he had then in his hand was his perriwig and part of the goods that were in the box(or portmanteau)which he deliver'd to turner. mr. bryan deposed, that he went with mr. merrit to search spiggot's lodgings, and there found the wig which was produced in court. mr. merrit confirmed the same; and farther deposed, that they found several other things, some taken out of the portsmouth waggon, and others taken from persons under tybourn. edward plummer deposed that the wig produced was mr. sheldon's wig, that he knew it well, having altered it for him. john merrit deposed that mr. watkins came to him and told him that he was ruin'd; that 3 highway men had robb'd him on hounslow-heath, and took his money, watch, goods, and a pack-horse from him: that he(this evidence) enquiring after the prisoners, sound where they had hired horses, and desired the person to stop them if they came to hire any more, and he would reward them; that he dogg'd heater with the horses from finsbury, to the george in long-acre, and thence to the broadway in westminster; that he(with the others that took them) planted themselves in a house over against the inn where their horses were in westminster; but after some consultstion they believing mr. rowlet the inn-keeper to be an honest man, went to his house and acquainted him with their business, who told them they should be welcome to set up there, and he would assist them; that heater was the porter who brought the horses and put sacks under the saddles; that the next morning about 10 a clock, they came and went into the stable, where mr. rowlet was before by appointment, and they followed and took them: that spiggot had the landlord rowlet down, but he(this evidence) went to his assistance. john rowlet confirmed heater's bringing the horses to his inn, and the taking of the prisoners in his stable, and farther deposed, that as mr. bryan came into the stable phillips flash'd a pistol at him, and he(this evidence) followed spiggot, threw up his heels and scuffled with him about half an hour; that spiggot shot him through the left shoulder, but at last offer'd him his sword, saying he had done, and others came in and took him off. mr. hill(the constable) deposed that mr. merrit came to him with the recorder's warrant, that he went with him to mr. burton's then over to mr. rowlet's; that about 8 in the morning lindsey came in, and some were for securing him, but others said, no, that would prevent their taking the others, so they agreed to stay till they could meet with them together; that about 10 all three of them came in together and went into the stable, and they followed and took them; that phillips snapt a musquetoon loaded with 3 bullets at him(this evidence) but it flash'd in the pan only. mr. bryan deposed that he went with mr. merri to finsbury, and dogg'd heater with the horses to westminster; confirm'd the prisoners coming to the inn and being taken in the stable; that spiggot flash'd a pistol at him(this evidence) and he(this evidence) was knock'd down; that he seeing mr. rowles wounded and upon spiggot, whose sword was half drawn, he took it up with a design to stick spiggot, but instead of doing so, ran it into a butchers leg: and that spiggot swore he would kill a thousand before he would be taken. murrel(the boy who dogg'd heater and the horses from finsbury to long-acre with two horses, where he took another and carryed them to westminster) confirmed the former evidences. joseph lindsey deposed, that spiggot, pbillips, coltis and tyson broke open the box; and that heater used to hire horses and carry them backward and forward for them. but not for this robbery: that he(heater) received some buttons and mohair which he knew to be stole, but was not mentioned in this indictment. richard burton deposed that spiggot bought a horse of him, that then heater was with him and said he was his servant; but when he took him he denied that he belong'd to them. patrick deveny confirmed burton's evidence. john pritchard deposed that mr. merrit came to him with the recorder's warrant to execute on the prisoners; that they took a blunderbuss out of phillip's hand, who flasht a pistol at them, but it did not go off; that spiggot fired 2 pistols and wounded mr. rowlet. james leaton deposed, that spiggot, phillips and lindsey came to take horse in westminster, that heater came with them; that phillips flasht a pistol, but lindsey surrender'd himself to this evidence. autbony merrit deposed that heater has had phillips's horse to look after several times, and used to fetch sacks and put them under the saddles, and have the goods sold from his house. the prisoners spiggot and phillips, both declared that heater was innocent of the matter, and only acted as a porter in fetching and carrying their horses. the evidence not being sufficient against heater, the jury acquitted him, and found spiggot, and phillips alias cross guilty of these indictments, who had also several other indictments found against them. death. william spigget alias spiggot was again indicted with william bourroughs of finchley, for assaulting charles sybbald on the high way on the 25th of august last; putting him in fear. and taking from him 15 guineas and 10 shillings in money. joseph lindsey deposed that the prisoners and himself met the prosecutor and his man on finchley common about bartholemewtide last, and robb'd him of a purse of guineas; that he knew but of 6 guineas and a half, that spiggot took the purse, and they were all concerned in the fact. that the prosecutor and his man rode one on a white horse and the other on a grey. mr. sybbold deposed that he was assaulted on finchley common on the 25th of august last by three men on horseback; that one of them presented a pistol to him on his right another of them did the same on his left, and the third secur'd his man. that lindsey took the bridle of his horse and turned him loose, that burroughs had a long wig with the ends of it in his mouth, and spiggot's cape was button'd up about his chin; that they rifled him, one began at his head another at his middle, and searched downwards; that he lost 15 guineas, some silver and some writings. that they were tall men like the prisoners, but could not swear to any but lindsay, who he had a plainer view of and remember'd his voice, that his man and himself were on a grey and a white horse. the prisoners said they knew nothing of it. and burroughs's brother deposed that mrs. lindsey came and told him that his brother went into the country with her husband, and was come to town raving mad; that he took him home to his mothers for a fortnight, and was forced to have men to sit up with him; and that he got him into bethlehem, where he had been ever since my lord mayor's day. the jury considering the whole matter, found them both guilty. death. ann tompkins, alias webb, of st. sepulchres, was indicted for feloniously stealing 14 lb of cocoa-nuts, 20 gallons of ale and 40 s. in money, in the dwelling house of mary benning on the 20th of october last. she was a second time indicted for feloniously stealing 5 guineas, 80 pound of cocoa-nuts, 10 pound of chocolate, some coffee and 12 flasks of florence wine. but the evidence not being sufficient, the jury acquitted her of both indictments. william bond, of st. sepulchres, london, was indicted on the new act of parliament for the more effectual transporting of felons,&c. for that he having been formerly convicted of felony, and transported among other convicts from newgate for the same, had returned into the kingdom of great. brittain, without any lawful cause: which being fully proved upon him, the jury found him guilty. death. joseph johnson was indicted for a misdemeanour in assaulting robert sandford, and striking him over the right wrist with a handspike, which lamed him for a week or a fortnight. the prosecutor deposed that he rents some ground and warehouses of the city by fleet-ditch, and that the defendant johnson erected a post or crain on his ground to hoist timber out of the said ditch: that he sent his man to tell him he must not do it; but he would do it, that afterwards he went with his man to cut it down, and the defendant johnson took a handspike and push'd at his face with it, but he the prosecutor put it by with his hand, and in so doing push'd the defendant on the breast; whereupon the defendant lifted up the handspike again, and struck him over the wrist, and and he was afraid would lose the use of his right hand by it. the prosecutors man confirmed the same. there were 5 evidences call'd for the defendant, who deposed that they did not see mr. johnson strike mr. sandford before he struck johnson on the breast with his hand; but it appearing by two positive evidences about what the negative evidences called the blow on the defendant's breast, was only mr. sandford's putting of the handspike from his face, the jury found him guilty. fined 10 marks. the tryals being over, the coste proceeded to give judgement as followeth: receiv'd sentence of death, 7. william herbert, william bond, thomas knight, themas butler, william spigget alias spiggot, thomas phillips alias cross, and william burroughs. burnt in the hand, 2. james melton, and mary browning, to be transported, 19 elizabeth wells, john wood, john terry, john cornwall, peter de plosh, john edwards, william bridgeman, william ingledeau, thomas butcher, mary shephard, elizabeth stiles, elizabeth smith alias richardson, mary rawford, william wright, william flewelling, michael hall, rebecca withers, sarah gibson, and john heatley. to be whipt, 1. elizabeth hunt joseph johnson for his misdemeanour, was fined 10 marks newly printed for eman matthews at the bible in pater-noster-row. 1. an account of the life and death of the late reverend mr. matthew henry, by the reverend mr. tong. the second edition. 2. the doctrine of the blessed trinity stated and defended by the reverend mr. tong, mr. robinson, mr. smith and mr. reynoldss. the second edition price 1s 6d.. 3.memoires of the life of the reverend thomas fister, a. m. and sometimes fellow of pembroke college in oxford, with his funeral sermon by the reverend mr. charles owen, price bound 6 d. 4. hymns sacred to the lord's table, collected and methodised by the reverend mr. charles owen. price pound 6 d. 5. plain-dealing. or seperation without schism and schism without seperation, by the reverend mr. charles owen. the seventh edition price, 6 d. 6. observations on sudden death, occasion'd by the late frequent instances of it both in the city and country by the reverend mr. grosvener. price 6d. 7. past deliverances and present calamities improv'd in a sermon preach'd by the reverend mr. john evans. price. 3d. london, printed for eman. matthews at the bible in pater-noster-row; by m. jenour against st. sepulchres back-gate in gilt-spur-street near newgate; and sold by j. roberts in warwick-lane. where advertisements are taken in.(price 3 d.)"	10653
